Address: Elizabeth RyanSherry FitzGerald Phibsborough32 Ardpatrick Road, Navan Road, Dublin 7, D07X0A9€695,0004 Bed2 Bath120 m²Semi-DViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-32-ardpatrick-road-navan-road-dublin-7/5738621
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:120 m²Sherry FitzGerald is delighted to present 32 Ardpatrick Road to the market.    

Ideally located between the Navan Road and Blackhorse Avenue, this delightful four bedroom semi-detached family home has been well maintained over the years and provides fantastic accommodation for the growing family. Boasting wonderfully bright and spacious living areas, this property is flooded with natural light and is uniquely situated in a secluded corner of Ardpatrick Road, ensuring a tranquil and safe environment for families and young kids to play.

The accommodation comprises a welcoming entrance hallway via an open porch, two interconnecting reception rooms, open plan kitchen/breakfast room, guest wc and double bedroom/family room. Upstairs, there are three large bedrooms and bathroom. Outside the front garden has off street parking and a neat lawn. The secluded sunny rear garden is laid in lawn, bordered by mature hedging and fruit trees. There is a concrete block shed and barna shed for additional storage.

Ardpatrick Road stands out as a highly sought-after neighborhood for families, strategically positioned just a short distance from the iconic Phoenix Park. Boasting a plethora of local shops and amenities at its doorstep, the area is enriched by a multitude of both national and secondary schools. Residents of Ardpatrick Road enjoy the convenience of walking distance to regular bus routes, facilitating seamless travel to and from the City Centre. With easy access to major roadways such as the M50, M1, and proximity to Dublin Airport via the Navan Road, connectivity is paramount.
Additionally, the property is in close proximity to the vibrant culinary scene of Stoneybatter, and a short drive will lead to the charming locales of Castleknock Village and the comprehensive retail offerings of Blanchardstown Shopping Centre.

GROUND FLOOR

Entrance 4.75m x 2.09m. Accessed via an open porch, welcoming hallway with solid wood floor, and ceiling coving

Living Room 3.92m x 3.63m. Light-filled accommodation with solid wood floor and ceiling coving. Opens into:

Dining Room 3.81m x 3.33m. With views overlooking the rear garden, solid wood floor and feature cast iron fireplace

Breakfast Room 3.28m x 2.68m. With garden views and understairs storage. Opens into:

Kitchen 7.30m x 2.87m. An extensive array of built in units, tiled floor, tiled splashback and access to the garden

WC 1.14m x 0.89m. With wc and whb

Bedroom 4/Family Room 2.34m x 4.23m. Bedroom 4 / Family Room: Could be used for a variety of purposes, spacious accommodation overlooking the front garden

FIRST FLOOR

Landing 2.38m x 2.26m. Large hallway with attic access

Bedroom 1 4.43m x 3.37m. Double bedroom with built in wardrobes and carpet flooring overlooking the front garden

Bedroom 2 3.57m x 3.45m. Double bedroom with built in wardrobes and carpet flooring overlooking the rear garden

Bedroom 3 3.16m x 2.43m. Generous single bedroom with built in wardrobe and carpet flooring overlooking the front garden

Bathroom 2.54m x 2.31m. With wc, whb, hot press, bath and shower attachment

Garden To the front, there is off street parking bordered by a mature lawn and an attractive lilac tree. The rear garden is 80ft in length, laid in lawn with large patio area, mature shrubs and numerous fruit trees which offers tranquility and privacy. There are two sheds for additional storage
Features: 32 Ardpatrick Road, Navan Road, Dublin 7, D07X0A9€695,0004 Bed2 Bath120 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.363489,-6.308934
------------------------------
Address: Jeffrey Brophy MSc. MIPAV PSRA No. 003455-004872Brophy CusackChurch Road, Tramore, Co. Waterford, X91A2T2€100,0004 Bed1 Bath93 m²DetachedOpen from Oct 21stViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-church-road-tramore-co-waterford/5883468
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:93 m²For Sale by Online Auction: Church Road, Tramore, Co. Waterford
Refurbishment Opportunity Near Tramore Beach

Brophy Cusack is delighted to present this unique refurbishment opportunity located just a stone's throw from Tramore Beach, one of Waterford's most sought-after seaside locations. The property, extending to approximately 1,000 sq. ft., comprises four bedrooms, one bathroom, a sitting/dining room, and a kitchen. The property is situated on a small site with pedestrian access to the front and vehicular access from the rear.

Requiring complete refurbishment, this property offers an excellent opportunity to create a bespoke home or rental investment. It may qualify for the Vacant Property Refurbishment Grant, offering up to €50,000 for vacant properties or up to €70,000 for derelict properties, subject to application and approval. This grant can be used for refurbishing properties for personal occupancy or rental. The SEAI Better Energy Home Scheme may also provide additional grants of up to €26,750 for energy-efficient upgrades.

This property will be sold via online auction on Brophycusack.ie at 2 PM on Monday, the 18th of November.

For more information on the Vacant Property Refurbishment Grant, visit gov.ie, or contact the Housing Agency's Vacancy Helpline at vacancycampaignAThousingagency.ie. Further details on the SEAI grant can be found at seai.ie.

With Tramore's beach and amenities on your doorstep, this property presents a fantastic investment or home ownership opportunity in a prime location.

For more details or to arrange a viewing, contact Brophy Cusack today.
Features: VideoVirtual TourChurch Road, Tramore, Co. Waterford, X91A2T2€100,0004 Bed1 Bath93 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.15922891850076,-7.153713853828236
------------------------------
Address: Margaret FogartyRE/MAX Property SpecialistsForenaught, Creaden, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91C9Y2€2,495,0006 Bed5 BathDetachedStunning ViewsADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-forenaught-creaden-dunmore-east-co-waterford/5886816
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyForenaught, Creaden is a truly exceptional home that offers a luxurious and secluded lifestyle in a picturesque setting. Nestled on a 3.5 acre site, the house is perched in an elevated position, providing breathtaking panoramic views of the stunning Creaden Bay and Waterford Estuary. The surrounding landscape is adorned with mature trees, creating a serene and private atmosphere.

Inside the home, you will find six spacious bedrooms that provide ample space for family and guests. The open-plan kitchen, living and dining area with its unique pyramid shaped Kephren fireplace is the heart of the home, offering a seamless flow and a perfect space for entertaining. The separate formal dining and seating area adds an elegant touch, providing an ideal space for hosting special occasions or intimate gatherings. 
One of the standout features of this home is the outdoor space. The wrap-around terrace offers a fantastic vantage point to soak in the mesmerizing views while enjoying the sea breeze. The outdoor kitchen and barbecue area make it easy to indulge in al fresco dining, creating memorable experiences with family and friends.  This area features a remote control roof system with electric wind blinds.

For added convenience, the property includes a detached Studio Apartment, providing a separate living space for extended family or guests. The detached garage offers ample storage space, while the home office pod provides a dedicated area for work or creative pursuits.

For those who prioritize their health and fitness, the exercise thermal pool is a true gem. This feature allows you to stay active and rejuvenate in the comfort of your own home, providing a private oasis for relaxation and well-being.

Forenaught is ideally located just a short 5-minute drive from the sought-after fishing village of Dunmore East. Here, you can explore a variety of charming restaurants, traditional pubs and a vibrant sailing club. Additionally, the property is within walking distance of Creaden Beach, where you can enjoy leisurely strolls along the shoreline. Woodstown Beach is also just a quick 5-minute drive away, offering another beautiful spot to relax and unwind.

Despite its secluded location, Forenaught is conveniently situated within a 90-minute drive from both Dublin and Cork. This makes it an ideal choice for those who desire a tranquil retreat while still having easy access to major cities for work or leisure.
The new owners will enjoy year round comfort with underfloor geothermal heating and an air to water heat pump system providing an energy efficient B1 rating.
This remarkable home offers a harmonious blend of luxury, privacy and convenience. With its stunning views, spacious interiors and exceptional outdoor amenities, this is a truly special place to call home.

These particulars do not constitute an offer or contract, and whilst every effort has been made in preparing all descriptions, dimensions, maps, and plans, these details should not be relied upon as fact. Dimensions / Illustrations are for guideline purposes only and not to scale. RE/MAX Property Specialists - Team fogarty will not hold itself responsible for any inaccuracies contained therein.
Features: VideoVirtual TourForenaught, Creaden, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91C9Y2€2,495,0006 Bed5 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.180391,-6.978134
------------------------------
Address: Rosa EganSherry FitzGerald BlackrockRose Mont, Woodbine Park, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94A9W6€1,295,0005 Bed3 Bath171 m²DetachedOpen from Oct 19thViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-rose-mont-woodbine-park-blackrock-co-dublin/5884660
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:171 m²“Rose Mont” is a beautifully presented 5-bedroom (2 ensuite), detached, B3 rated family home extending to 171sqm, located within walking distance of Sandymount Strand and the grounds of University College Dublin. This home is an exceptional spacious, modern detached residence in walk-in condition throughout, offering every modern comfort on this lovely quiet leafy road close to Donnybrook, Ballsbridge and Blackrock. 

Set behind wrought iron, automated, electronic gates, which lead to a Thomond Vermont paved entrance driveway, this home extends to c. 170sqm over two floors, offering 5 bedrooms with a private enclosed maintenance free gardens. Rose Mont is an exceptionally warm, bright, inviting, and comfortable family home or investment property.

Rose Mont is excellently located on the exclusive and tranquil Woodbine Park, with a host of amenities right on its doorstep on Woodbine Road including a shop, post office, Woodbine pharmacy, cafe and food outlets. It is also surrounded by some of south Dublin’s best amenities, including those in Donnybrook Village, Ballsbridge, and Blackrock Village. The property is located close to UCD and St. Vincent’s Hospital and is just a short stroll from the DART. The property is within walking distance of the Sandymount Strand, with its inspiring sea views. The property is only 15km from Dublin airport. The N11, with its Quality Bus Corridor (QBC) offering, gives you direct access to the city centre and surrounding areas. 

This superb home will appeal to families seeking a quality home in turn key condition within easy commute of a choice of top Schools, Shopping and Public transport. Leisure amenities abound including Elm Park Golf & Tennis Club, Fitzwilliam Lawn Tennis Club, Donnybrook Lawn Tennis Club, David Lloyd Riverview and UCD Sports & Fitness Centre.

Entrance Hall 5.57m x 2.15. With crema marfil marble cream tiled floor.

Guest WC Fully tiled WC with crema marfil marble cream tiles with the high end finishes of Hansgrohe, Villeroy & Boch incorporates a WC, wash hand basin.

Cloak Room Cloak/store room  includes hot water cylinder and gas boiler.

Living Room 6.97m x 3.82m. Accessed via glass panelled doors to a very spacious reception room with walnut flooring, attractive marble fireplace with built in electric coal effect fire. Bay window and wired for surround sound.

Dining Room 6.00m x 3.65m. Walnut flooring, Velux roof light, wired for surround sound, double doors lead to rear garden.

Kitchen Breakfast Room 6.00m x 3.91m. Custom designed kitchen featuring Blanco Capri quartz worktop, countertops and dresser, with crema marfil marble cream tiled floor and a superb range of wall and floor presses and cupboards with integrated appliances throughout an AEG 4 plate electric hob with overhead extractor fan, double oven and microwave, AEG dishwasher, Electrolux American style fridge/freezer with ice dispenser. Velux roof light with double doors leading out to the garden. Recessed lighting and window to the side.

Utility Room 1.91m x 2.25m. With Bosch washing machine and dryer, understairs storage cupboard and door to side passage.

Landing Attractive staircase leads to first floor with large window to the side allowing light to flood in.

Spacious landing with linen cupboard and access to the attic via retractable stairs unit.

Main Bedroom 3.80m x 3.82m. Large bedroom to the front with bay window and built-in  wardrobes with internal wardrobe lighting, hanging rails and drawers.

Main Bedroom Ensuite Fully tiled with crema marfil marble cream tiled floor and walls with the high end finishes of Hansgrohe, Villeroy & Boch incorporates a WC, wash hand basin and a sleek shower. Heated chrome towel rail, Pressurised shower system with chrome fittings. Frosted privacy glass window.

Bedroom 2 2.40m x 3.74m. Window overlooking the front garden and built-in wardrobes with internal wardrobe lighting, hanging rails and drawers.

Bathroom 1.97m  x 2.48m. Fully tiled with Villeroy & Boch sanitary ware consisting of a jacuzzi bath with shower, wash hand basin, dressing mirror with light, frosted window, heated towel rail, wc, recessed lighting and ventilation fan.

Bedroom 3 2.58m x 3.18m. Window overlooking the rear garden and built-in wardrobes with internal wardrobe lighting, hanging rails and drawers.

En suite Fully tiled with crema marfil marble cream tiled floor and walls with the high end finishes of Hansgrohe, Villeroy & Boch incorporates a WC, wash hand basin and a sleek shower.  Heated chrome towel rail, pressurised shower system with chrome fittings.

Bedroom 4 3.32m x 3.17m. Overlooking the rear garden with built-in wardrobes with internal wardrobe lighting, hanging rails and drawers.

Bedroom 5 2.23m x 3.17m. Bedroom overlooking the rear garden with built-in wardrobes with internal wardrobe lighting, hanging rails and drawers.
Features: VideoRose Mont, Woodbine Park, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94A9W6€1,295,0005 Bed3 Bath171 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.309654,-6.208595
------------------------------
Address: Marian MoranMoran Auctioneers & Estate AgentsCarrowkeel House, Carrowkeel, Clogher, Ballintubber, Co. Mayo, F12AT20€710,0007 Bed7 BathDetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-carrowkeel-house-carrowkeel-clogher-ballintubber-co-mayo/5757493
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private Treaty*Embrace Unmatched Elegance and Versatility at Carrowkeel House*

Situated in the picturesque Co. Mayo countryside, Carrowkeel House offers an extraordinary blend of luxury, versatility, and potential. This distinguished property, set on 1.6 acres, presents a unique opportunity as a luxurious family estate, a premium Air B&B retreat, or a sophisticated commercial venture.

*Main Residence*

Crafted with meticulous attention to detail and expanded in 2000, the main residence spans 5,935 sq. ft. and embodies both grandeur and functionality:

   - *Grand Entrance Hall:* Welcomes you with an elegant tiled floor,
   refined under-stairs storage, and stylish window shutters.
   - *Sophisticated Formal Dining Room:* Features wide board limed oak
   laminate flooring, ornate cornicing, and coving, providing an exquisite
   setting for memorable gatherings.
   - *Gourmet Kitchen:* Designed for culinary excellence, with high-gloss
   ivory foil cabinetry, opulent granite countertops, a central island, and
   high-end appliances, including an American fridge freezer and a Rangemaster
   cooker.
   - *Luxurious Drawing Room:* A haven of comfort with high-grade limed oak
   laminate flooring, a stunning white marble fireplace with a gas fire, and
   double doors opening to beautifully landscaped gardens.
   - *Elegant Bedrooms:* Each bedroom is a private retreat with walk-in
   wardrobes, ceiling fans, and elegantly appointed en-suite bathrooms. The
   master suite features a spacious walk-in wardrobe and a beautifully
   designed en-suite.
   - *Serene Sauna:* A luxurious addition for relaxation and rejuvenation,
   enhancing the home’s appeal.

Additional features include a practical utility/ironing room and ample storage solutions, ensuring both functionality and sophistication.

*Original Cottage*

Adjacent to the main residence, the charming 78-year-old cottage has been thoughtfully restored and expanded, offering multiple potential uses:

   - *Inviting Drawing Room:* Showcases a classic marble fireplace, ornate
   stucco ceiling, and French doors leading to a picturesque front patio.
   - *Elegant Study/Office:* Exudes warmth with rich wood flooring and a
   traditional fireplace, ideal for a tranquil workspace or client meetings.
   - *Charming Casual Living Room:* Features wide board limed oak laminate
   flooring, an open fire with a marble surround, and access to a delightful
   front patio.
   - *Contemporary Kitchen:* Equipped with modern appliances, including an
   eye-level oven and electric hob, complemented by a central island.
   - *Comfortable Bedrooms:* Three beautifully appointed bedrooms, enhanced
   by a Jack & Jill shower room and a light-filled conservatory offering
   sweeping views of the verdant countryside.

*Versatile Potential*

Carrowkeel House is not just a residence but a versatile property with multiple uses:

   - *Air B&B Opportunity:* The property’s separate living spaces and
   charming cottage offer an ideal setup for a high-end Air B&B venture,
   providing guests with luxurious accommodations and stunning surroundings.
   - *Commercial Possibilities:* With its elegant design and prime
   location, the property presents opportunities for commercial use, such as a
   boutique guesthouse or event venue.
   - *Dual Living:* The property is effectively two homes in one, offering
   flexibility for multi-generational living or rental income while
   maintaining privacy and comfort.

*Additional Features*

   - *Detached Garage:* Provides ample space and convenience.
   - *Heating:* State-of-the-art oil-fired central heating with newly
   installed condenser boilers.
   - *Windows:* Double glazing throughout the main house, with triple
   glazing in the cottage.
   - *Prime Location:* Ideally situated near the historic village of
   Ballintubber, just 8.5 miles from Castlebar, 12 miles from Ballinrobe, 14
   miles from Westport, and a mere 40-minute drive from Knock Airport,
   ensuring effortless connectivity.

Carrowkeel House represents a rare opportunity to own a property of unparalleled elegance, versatility, and potential. Its masterful design, exceptional craftsmanship, and idyllic setting make it a residence that offers both luxury and endless possibilities.


NEW HOUSE: -
-------------------
The accommodation comprises: -
Entrance Hall:  (21`9”x 11`9”) With Tiled floor, Under-stairs Storage, Cornicing, Carpeted Stairs, Window Shutters.

Formal Dining Room: 	(24`8”x 21`9”)	  With wide board limed oak laminate Floor, Cornicing and Coving
 and Window Shutters.

Kitchen:	(24`2”x 12`3”)	With Tiled floor and backsplash, Ivory foil Kitchen with granite countertops
Undermounted Sink and Drainer, Centre Kitchen Island, eye level Oven & Microwave, Wine Cooler , American fridge freezer, 1,100mm Rangemaster, 2. ceiling fan, window shutters.

Formal Drawing Room: (34`7”x 24`9”)	    With Wide board high-grade limed oak laminate floor, white marble fireplace
 with gas fire, double doors to back garden, cornicing, window shutters.

Bathroom: (12`3”x 12`1”)  With Tiled floor, freestanding roll top bath, electric shower, cornicing, wc, bidet, whb, window shutters.

First Floor Landing: (10`4”x 8`8”x 12`4”x 6`2”x 11`8”x 7`2”) With Carpeted floor, cornicing, hot press, blinds, Countryside views.

Bedroom (1):	(20`1”x 17`) With Carpeted floor, his & hers walk in wardrobes, ceiling fan, curtains/blinds.

Additional Storage:	(27`2”x 3`6”)           Carpeted, shelved.

En-Suite:	(9`8”x 8`4”)	 	With Tiled floor and Backsplash, power shower, glass vanity unit, WC, bidet.

Sauna:	(7`5”x 6`3”)

Bedroom (2):	(22`3”x 16`9”) With Carpeted floor, his & her walk in wardrobes, ceiling fan, cornicing, curtains.

En-Suite:(17`1”x 6`4”)	With Tiled floor & backsplash, roller top bath, shower, WC, bidet, his & her WHB.

Utility/Ironing Room: 	(13`2”x 3`6”)With Carpeted floor.

Second Floor Landing:(15`5”x 4`1”)  With Carpeted floor.

Bedroom (3):		 (13`1”x 11`3”)	With Carpeted floor, Velux window.

Walk-in-Wardrobe:	(3`9”x 1`9”) 	With Carpeted floor.

Bedroom (4):	(12`4”x 11`2”)		With Carpeted floor and Velux.

Walk-in-Wardrobe: 	(3`9”x 1`9”)With Carpeted floor.

Shower Room:	(8`8”x 6`4”) 	With Tiled floor, shower, WC & WHB, 

Mid-Hallway:	 (20`7”x 5`8”)	With limed oak laminate floor window, shutters, access to Cottage side of property.

Original Cottage –
-------------------------
Drawing Room: (32`8”x 19`6”) With Tiled floor, Stucco ceiling,, stira stairs to unfloored attic. open fire with marble fireplace, curtains, doors to patio/front garden.

Office/Study:	(10`8”x 8`5”)	With Wood  flooring, fireplace, curtains/blinds.

Casual Living Room: 	(15`7”x 13`6”)	With Wide board limed oak laminate floor, open fire with a marble fireplace, cornicing, access to
front patio, curtains/blinds.

Kitchen :	(13`4”x 10`4”)	With tiled floor and backsplash, White Kitchen with eye level Oven Electric hob, fridge freezer, Centre Island and Blinds. 

Bedroom (1):	(10`8”x 10`1”)	With Carpeted floor and stained-Glass Window and Curtains.

Jack & Jill Shower Room:(11`1”x 4`2”) With tiled floor and backsplash, Power Shower. Bidet, WC &, WHB.

Bedroom (2):	(13`3”x 9`8”)			With limed oak laminate floor, Cornicing and Fireplace. Curtains and Blinds.
	
Bedroom (3):	 (11`8”x 9`) With Carpeted floor and Curtains.

Conservatory: (22`9”x 15`5”) With Tiled floor, Cornicing, Light Filled with   Patio Doors to Garden. Commanding beautiful views over the countryside.

Back Hallway: (7`2”x 3`1”)	With tiled floor.


Oil fired central heating Newly fitted Condenser boilers to both houses..
Double Glazed Windows throughout and Shutters on windows in New House and triple glazing Windows  in Cottage.  


NOTE: Any information, description, measurement or statement so given or contained in any such sales particulars, webpage, brochure, email, letter, report issued by or on behalf of Moran Auctioneers or the vendor are for illustration purposes only and are not to be taken as matters of fact or to be taken as forming any part of a resulting contract. Moran Auctioneers nor the vendor accept any liability as to their accuracy of the particulars. Interested parties must conduct their due diligence by personal inspection or otherwise as to the correctness of these particulars. No person in the employment of Moran Auctioneers has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property.
Features: Carrowkeel House, Carrowkeel, Clogher, Ballintubber, Co. Mayo, F12AT20€710,0007 Bed7 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.756956,-9.246353
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - Galway CityFair Deal Property Ltd -Galway65 Riasc na Ri, Bothar Stiofan, Rahoon, Co. Galway, H91PNX4€425,0003 Bed3 Bath118 m²Semi-DViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-65-riasc-na-ri-bothar-stiofan-rahoon-co-galway/5884154
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:118 m²Fair Deal Property, Galway’s Fastest Growing Estate Agency;

Are delighted to present to you for sale Number 65 Riasc Na Ri; a generously proportioned pitch perfect three bedroom family residence with attic conversion that presents in show house condition and is situated in a prized residential community.

Riasc Na Ri is a premium development built by Inchagoill Construction in 2000 and consists of a small number of beautifully maintained homes that encircle a large expanse of green.

This is a most spacious three bedroom family home and boasts a larger footprint than a lot of four bedroom houses which lends a delightful sense of space to the interior.

In total there is 106 square meters of living space plus a converted attic which is fully floored and insulated and adds an additional 12 square meters making this home big enough to accommodate even the largest of families. 

On arrival you are greeted by a fully extended driveway that allows for dual parking along with an attractive brick façade and freshly painted doorway that sets the tone for the quality of the accommodation that lies within. 

The home overlooks a large and beautifully landscaped green which provides a wonderful sense of light and space to the front of the home.

The entire interior has been freshly painted to a very high standard including all walls, timberwork, doors, skirting, architrave and saddle boards  as well as the stairwell which has a  contemporary two tone finish with white balustrade and contrasting hand rail and newel post.

New carpets with contemporary grey tones have been fitted throughout including in the main living room, the stairwell, landing and all three bedrooms.

The hallway is bright and spacious and finished in immaculate terracotta tiling which leads into the very generously proportioned living room which is crisply presented with fresh modern tones throughout and overlooks the green to the front of the property.

This room flows through a set of open plan doors into the equally impressive kitchen dining space which features a freshly painted kitchen along with all new premium built-in appliances and overlooks the fully enclosed garden to the rear of the property which comes complete with an attractive patio zone along with mature trees and raised shrub beds.

An ideal sized utility room along with a guest WC completes the downstairs accommodation.

The beautifully presented stairwell leads you up onto a spacious landing featuring an abundance of natural light provided from the gable window.

The show house quality of the ground floor extends faultlessly to the sleeping quarters with three generously proportioned bedrooms all of which are handsomely upgraded with newly fitted carpets along with superior painting and decorating throughout.

The master bedroom is particularly spacious and comes complete with an ideal sized ensuite.

A well presented family bathroom completes the first floor accommodation.

Another major bonus for this home is that the attic space has been fully converted with flooring and insulation. It is fully wired and is also connected to the central heating system with radiators in place. There are also two Velux roof windows fitted which provide an abundance of natural light. The attic is currently accessible with a loft stairs but a fixed stairwell could also be fitted. This space could be put to a wide variety of uses including home office/gym etc. and is a huge addition to the home. 

Located just off Bothar Stiofan, Riasc na Ri is adjacent to the Gateway Retail Park with the Clybaun Hotel, Tom Sheridan s Bar & Restaurant, schools, and shops all within easy reach. Galway City Centre is just over 4 kms away with a regular bus service close by.

If you are looking for a turnkey freshly decorated and handsomely upgraded residence with oceans of living space that is located in a prized residential development and is close to every possible amenity then we suggest that you look no further than number 65 Riasc Na Ri  as it is certain to meet all of your wish list requirements.

If this sounds like you then we will be delighted to hear from you and to help you in any way that we can.

Brought to you by Fair Deal Property
The Premium Estate Agency
Without the High Fees 
Because You Deserve a Fair Deal.
Features: 65 Riasc na Ri, Bothar Stiofan, Rahoon, Co. Galway, H91PNX4€425,0003 Bed3 Bath118 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.275101,-9.099765
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - TuamFair Deal Property Ltd -Galway18 Saint Endas Avenue, Tuam, Co. Galway, H54WR65€150,0003 Bed1 Bath80 m²Semi-DViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-18-saint-endas-avenue-tuam-co-galway/5885654
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:80 m²Fair Deal Property, Your Market Leaders for Residential Property Sales 

Are delighted to present to you for sale Number 18 St. Enda's Avenue located in the heart of Tuam Town;

A three bedroom semi detached residence featuring two reception rooms situated within view of the iconic Tuam Stadium along a quite cul-de sac.

This home has been vacant for over two years and qualifies for the vacant homes grant of up to €70,000.

St Enda's Avenue is a most convenient location and is within walking distance of everything that Tuam town has to offer in terms of supermarkets, schools, cafes, parklands etc.

The M17/M18 Motorway is just a 1 minute drive from your front door with onward connection to Galway City in under 30 minutes.

On arrival you are greeted with generous front garden and driveway which also provides for vehicular access to the rear of the property.

The entrance hallway is bright and spacious and leads onto two well proportioned living rooms located to the rear of the property, one of which interconnects to an ideal sized kitchen zone.

A centrally positioned half-turn staircase leads up the sleeping quarters which contains three spacious bedrooms featuring built-in wardrobes along with a fully upgraded family bathroom.

If you are looking for a conveniently located home which has massive potential and qualifies for up to €70,000 worth grants then we suggest that you look no further than number 18 St. Enda's Avenue situated in heart of Tuam town as it is certain to meet all of your wish list requirements.

If this sounds like you then we will be delighted to hear from you and to help you in any way that we can.

Brought to you by Fair Deal Property
Your Markets Leaders for Residential Property Sales.
Features: 18 Saint Endas Avenue, Tuam, Co. Galway, H54WR65€150,0003 Bed1 Bath80 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.509712,-8.856419
------------------------------
Address: Rory DooleyDooley Auctioneers1 ONLINE OFFER107 Heathervue, Greystones, Co. Wicklow, A63AE35€695,0004 Bed2 Bath111 m²DetachedOpen from Oct 19thADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-107-heathervue-greystones-co-wicklow/5834454
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:111 m²Dooley Auctioneers has the pleasure to bring 107 Heathervue to the open market. This newly renovated B3 rated 4 bedroom detached family home is sure to appeal to an array of purchasers looking to live in the heart of Greystones. This spacious home in the highly sought-after Heathervue development has been tastefully finished throughout to the highest of standards. Heathervue is a mature and highly regarded residential development, with vehicular access from Bellevue Road and pedestrian access onto Hillside Road, allowing for a very short 200m stroll to the Main Street, and from there to the Sea Front and Dart station. 

Internally, the impressive accommodation extends to 111 sq. m (1,195 sq. ft) and comprises an entrance hallway with stairs to the first floor, a living room, a bedroom and guest wc. To the rear of the property is the heart of the family home with the spacious kitchen/dining room. The kitchen with wood flooring boasts an impressive selection of kitchen cabinets, lots of  counter space and an island with a breakfast bar for informal dining. Open plan to the kitchen is a dining area which can be utilised as an additional lounge if required. The rear garden is accessible from the kitchen with a glass door that leads you out to a garden area and a low maintenance lawn which are not overlooked and attracts the evening sun. 

On the first floor, there are three well-proportioned bedrooms, two double and one single.  Bedrooms One and Two, are front facing rooms and enjoy views over the large well-maintained amenity green. The Master Bedroom to the rear, has a lovely picture window with views of Bray Head and the Sugarloaf.  Both double rooms have fitted wardrobes.. A bathroom completes the accommodation on this floor

Enjoy the best of country, coastal and city living in this prestigious location, which is the perfect meeting point between the rolling hills of the Wicklow countryside, the beautiful coastline at Greystones and the hustle and bustle of South Dublin and Dublin City. 

Outside, to the front the property is set back from the main road which offers that extra privacy. Off-street parking is provided, and two side entrances lead to the rear garden. One of the side entrances, is exceptionally large and allows plenty of space to install a garden shed if desired. Overall, the front and rear gardens are low maintenance all bordered by mature hedging. 

Heathervue has an excellent selection of schools, both primary and secondary, within less than 1km. Throughout the development there are large amenity greens, making it a safe and secure environment. Being just 200m from the Main Street and all the village amenities makes this development a desired location for families of all ages and sizes. Greystones offers a range of essential amenities to include popular restaurants, cafes, pubs, supermarkets, food stores and boutiques.. In addition to the DART (500m), there are the major bus routes such as the 84, 84X, 184 and the Aircoach which brings you to into the City Centre, surrounding suburbs and Dublin Airport. 

Viewing of this property is an absolute must!

ACCOMODATION DETAILS:

GROUND FLOOR

Entrance Hallway
Large light filled entrance hallway providing access to first floor,  living room, bedroom, downstairs w/c and kitchen/dining room.  Wood flooring throughout the entire ground floor.  

Living room 
Large living room located to the front of the property accessible via the entrance hallway with additional double doors.  Wood flooring throughout. 

Guest Wc
Fully fitted wc with whb, wc and large mirror. Tiled flooring throughout. 

Bedroom Four
Downstairs double bedroom. Can also be utilised as a home office or children's room. Carpeted throughout. 

Kitchen 
Brand new fully fitted modern kitchen with an array of superior Neff and Bosch appliances such as oven, grill, hob, fridge freezer, and dishwasher. Single glass door leading to rear garden. 

Dining Room
Open plan layout with kitchen area. Can be utilised as an additional lounge if required. Wood flooring throughout. 

FIRST FLOOR 

Bedroom Two
Master double bedroom located to the rear of the property with fitted wardrobes. Carpeted throughout. 

Bedroom Three
Single bedroom located to the front of the property with sufficient room for wardrobes. Carpeted throughout. 

Bedroom Three 
Double bedroom located to the front of the property with fitted wardrobes. Carpeted throughout.

Family bathroom
High quality tiling to floors and wet areas,  bathtub with shower complete with pressurised water supply. Equipped with heated towel rails and high quality sanitary ware.
Features: 107 Heathervue, Greystones, Co. Wicklow, A63AE35€695,0004 Bed2 Bath111 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.144243,-6.068578
------------------------------
Address: Chloe GoughREA Dooley GroupBallinacarriga, Kildimo, Limerick City, Co. Limerick, V9425V6€795,0005 Bed3 Bath291 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-ballinacarriga-kildimo-limerick-city-co-limerick/5881634
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:291 m²REA Dooley group are delighted to introduce to the market this imposing architecturally designed property for sale in immaculate condition throughout. Situated on an elevated plot in a serene and picturesque setting overlooking the beautiful Shannon Estuary. 

Built in 2018 to the highest specification as a family home, this property seamlessly blends functionality with modern design, creating an inviting and homely atmosphere. This extensive property measures over 290 square metres offering spacious accommodation and open plan living with many defining features such as sleek and cutting-edge design, 9ft ceilings downstairs, concrete floors on both levels with feature concrete stairs, triple glazed windows and doors, Mechanical ventilation, Air to water heating system with underfloor heating and thermostat controls throughout but to name a few. With an `A3` BER rating, this is a particularly well insulated house which has the benefit of many additional energy saving features. 

Internally, the home boasts generously sized reception rooms, a superb open-plan kitchen/ dining/ living area, spacious boot room with rear access and utility area with dog shower, a ground-floor guest bedroom/ playroom with separate downstairs wet room and office. Upstairs, there are five bedrooms including a luxurious principal suite, complete with a walk-in wardrobe and ensuite shower room. The main bathroom has a stand-alone bath with feature window framing the view.

Externally, the property stands on 0.62 acres of landscaped gardens with original stone boundary walls and electric gated entrance. The home offers a gravelled driveway with ample parking and two storey detached garage with huge potential to convert to further living accommodation measuring over 120 sq.m (subject to planning permission). There is a large Patio area for outside living on the south side of the house, capturing sunlight all day and connected to the house by a large sliding glass aluminium door. An incredible roof top terrace c. 45 sq.m with artificial grass and fully enclosed glass balcony designed to enjoy the panoramic views of the Shannon Estuary and the surrounding countryside. 

Conveniently located within 6km from the popular Village of Pallaskenry which has a wide range of amenities including Preschool, St. Marys Primary School, Salesian Secondary College and its renowned Salesian Agricultural College, 150-year-old church, post office, Chinese restaurant and takeaway, chip shop, hairdresser, café, barber, two pubs, two local shops, and excellent sporting facilities. Situated less than 25 minutes drive from Limerick City and 10 minutes drive to the Villages of Clarina and Adare. Just 10 minutes from Curraghchase Park, 15 minutes to Raheen and only 35 minutes commute to Shannon Airport.

Property specifications:

Concrete floors on both levels, with concrete stairs
Underfloor heating throughout the house which can be controlled by thermostats in each room and run by Thermia 11Kw Air to Water Heatpump
WiFi enabled throughout the house through pre- wired ports
Large Kitchen Island with Built in hob with remote controlled ceiling extraction, and generous kitchen with larder built in. 
Built in Timber fuelled Stovax Stove
Roof Garden with artificial glass and fully enclosed glass balcony capturing the views of the Shannon estuary with privacy.
High ceilings of 9ft in the house downstairs and 8ft ceilings upstairs
Vaulted ceiling in the master bedroom and main guest room
8 Inch cavity walls insulated along with triple glazed windows throughout the house
Laundry Shoot and Dog Shower in the Utility Room
Built to a high standard with block on the flat used on main load bearing walls for high structural integrity
2 storey detached block built Garage with slate roof
A3 rated house with low running costs
Standing Seam metal urban colorcoat roof with overhanging eves for aesthetic 
Mechanical Ventilation in place throughout the house which feeds all rooms filled with fresh air.
Biogreen septic tank & wastewater treatment system
Rooftop Terrace plumbed for hot tub

Detailing in this exceptional property has been thoughtfully considered, creating a very attractive home for any discerning buyer.

Viewing is highly recommended by prior appointment only with sole selling agent.






GROUND FLOOR

Entrance Hall - 12'11" (3.94m) x 16'3" (4.95m)
Tiled floor, Intercom system

Downstairs Bedroom/Playroom - 13'1" (3.99m) x 12'6" (3.81m)
Laminate flooring, Triple aspect windows, Thermostat control

Wetroom - 6'10" (2.08m) x 7'8" (2.34m)
Fully tiled modern wetroom, Heated towel rail, Sink with built in unit, WC

Office/Reception Room - 11'5" (3.48m) x 12'6" (3.81m)
Laminate timber floor, 3 socket points, Glass door with side access illuminating the natural light into the room

Open Plan Living/Dining/Kitchen - 16'1" (4.9m) x 39'4" (11.99m)

Living Area
Bright and spacious with several windows maximising the natural light from south facing rear aspect. Continental tile flooring, Black out blinds, Sliding door to large south facing patio area. Built in Timber fuelled Stovax Stove.


Kitchen/Dining Area
Large Kitchen island with built in storage and electricity for integrated hob and overhead remote controlled ceiling extraction, Integrated appliances, Marble worktops, Pantry and Built in Breakfast bar. Black out blinds in dining area.

Utility - 13'8" (4.17m) x 11'0" (3.35m)
Tiled floor, Plumbed for washer/dryer, Fitted units, and Dog Shower

Boot Room - 12'9" (3.89m) x 5'11" (1.8m)
Tiled floor, Fitted units, Laundry Shoot from first floor landing area, Rear access to another patio area.

Guest Bedroom 1 - 13'1" (3.99m) x 12'6" (3.81m)
Laminate flooring, Thermostat control, Blackout blinds

Main Bathroom/Wetroom - 8'6" (2.59m) x 10'6" (3.2m)
Feature window framing stunning view of the Shannon Estuary from freestanding bath, Fully tiled, Heated towel rail, Sink with built in storage unit, Rainfall shower, WC, and Electrical point for mirror.

Living Room/Bedroom - 14'2" (4.32m) x 12'6" (3.81m)
Dual aspect windows capturing the beautiful views of the Shannon Estuary, Laminate flooring, T.V. point/internet.

First Floor Landing Area - 12'11" (3.94m) x 9'4" (2.84m)
Feature concrete staircase with open landing area flooded with natural light ideal for relaxation or office space, Laundry shoot,
Access to roof terrace

Roof Terrace
Circa 46 sq.m. Plumbed for Jacuzzi/Hottub


Guest Bedroom 2 - 16'9" (5.11m) x 13'1" (3.99m)
Laminate flooring, Thermostat control. Vaulted ceiling giving an extra sense of space

Master Bedroom - 16'9" (5.11m) x 14'5" (4.39m)
Laminate flooring, Walk in Wardrobe and Ensuite, Feature window with stunning views of the Shannon Estuary, Vaulted ceiling in the master bedroom and main guest room


Ensuite - 11'1" (3.38m) x 7'8" (2.34m)
Fully tiled, Heated towel rail, Sink with built in storage unit, Wired in mirror, Walk in shower with rainfall shower head, WC, Recess lighting.

Walk in wardrobe - 11'1" (3.38m) x 8'8" (2.64m)
Ample built in storage, Stira to attic space, Laminate flooring

Office - 8'10" (2.69m) x 11'5" (3.48m)
Laminate flooring, Built in storage

Detached Garage - 29'1" (8.86m) x 22'4" (6.81m)
Block built two storey garage with slate roof, electric points, room for 3 cars, double glazed window, PVC triple lock door.

Upstairs 8.86m x 6.84m



Notice
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only.
Features: VideoBallinacarriga, Kildimo, Limerick City, Co. Limerick, V9425V6€795,0005 Bed3 Bath291 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.655423,-8.809414
------------------------------
Address: Niall BrowneO'Donnellan & Joyce1 Galway Bay Sea View Apartments, Upper Salthill, Salthill, Co. Galway, H91W59R€375,0002 Bed2 Bath80 m²ApartmentADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-1-galway-bay-sea-view-apartments-upper-salthill-salthill-co-galway/5883512
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:80 m²DESIGNATED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY
NOT SUITABLE FOR OWNER OCCUPY
PART OF POOLED RENTAL SCHEME
2 bed - first floor - Hoilday / Short Term Let

O’Donnellan & Joyce present a first floor 2 bed apartment, discover an exceptional investment opportunity with Galway Bay Sea View Apartments, Salthill, Galway. 

Renowned as one of the most well-presented and attractive investment properties on the market, it presents a rare chance to acquire a superb asset in a prime location. 

One of the key highlights of this property is its impressive return on investment, making it a secure choice for those seeking financial stability or a comfortable pension investment. 

The on-site management company, known for its excellent service, handles lettings on a weekly or fortnightly basis, ensuring maximum occupancy and hassle-free management. 

Galway Bay Sea View Apartments is a modern apartment complex, the development features a mix of meticulously maintained 2 and 3 bedroom apartments, all presented in show house condition. The complex is secure and well maintained with underground resident off street parking.

Located directly opposite the Salthill Promenade with majestic & uninterrupted views over the Salthill Promenade & beaches, Galway Bay & The Clare Hills. The unrivalled views coupled with a seaside village vibe, ensure this is a perfect location and is Galway City living at its best. 

Its idyllic location just a short walk from the iconic Blackrock diving tower in one direction and just a hop, skip and jump in the other direction from the village of Satlhill with its many shops, cafes, and bars & restaurants.

No 1 Galway Bay Sea View Apartments is presented in excellent condition with bright & spacious accommodation internally. 

The property is accessed from the main communal entrance lobby via stairs or lift access and is presented in mint condition with its own private balcony overlooking the beautiful Salthill Promenade.   

The apartment is comprised of an entrance hall, two large double bedrooms with built in wardrobes and master offering an en suite bathroom. 

A bright open plan living, dining & kitchen with large windows drawing vast amounts of light, overlooks the Salthill Prom & also has access to a private balcony. A large main bathroom completes the accommodation for this wonderful property. 

The area also has several sports & recreational facilities close by such as Leisureland Pool & Gym, Galway Bay Golf Club, the Galway Lawn Tennis Club, the local GAA grounds at Pearse Stadium. The nearby Omniplex cinema is a welcome addition to the huge range of amenities & services already in place.

The property is just a 15/20 minute walk from the vibrant cobbled streets of Galway city with a host of top class restaurants and the property is also within walking distance of UCHG and the University of Galway. 

There is a great local bus route to and from Galway city centre which services the area every 20 minutes, with the bus stop positioned directly outside the development. 

Viewing is highly recommended and guaranteed not to disappoint.

Keep up to-date with NEW PROPERTIES by registering your details on our database 

For Further details please contact our office on 091-564212 
OFFICE OPENING HOURS - MON TO FRI 9AM TO 5:30PM

Properties can be viewed on our website www.odj.ie 

NOTE: These particulars are not to be considered a formal offer. They are for information only and give a general idea of the property. They are not to be taken as forming any part of a resulting contract, nor to be relied upon as statements or representations of fact. Whilst every care is taken in their preparation, neither ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers nor the vendor accept any liability as to their accuracy. Intending purchasers must satisfy themselves by personal inspection or otherwise as to the correctness of these particulars. No person in the employment of ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property.
'
Features: 1 Galway Bay Sea View Apartments, Upper Salthill, Salthill, Co. Galway, H91W59R€375,0002 Bed2 Bath80 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.258605,-9.078925
------------------------------
Address: Mark RoseRose Property Services1 ONLINE OFFER22 Fernwood, Wilton, Co. Cork, T12F836€350,0003 Bed3 Bath117 m²Semi-DSouth FacingADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-22-fernwood-wilton-co-cork/5883125
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:117 m²Rose Property presents:

22 Fernwood, Wilton, Cork, T12 F836

Discover this charming 3 bed 3 bath home in the heart of Wilton area. Boasting an excellent location and unique features. Located in close proximity to all essential amenities and easy access to South Link Road and bus routes. Bright and spacious living areas throughout with a fully equipped kitchen, high end appliances and ample storage space, separate utility area with own access to side of property. Dining area with large windows and a sun room. 3 generously sized bedrooms each infused with their own character. Master bed comes with ensuite. 3 modern bathrooms featuring premium fixtures and fittings. Outside, there is a beautiful private garden. 19 minute drive from Cork's City Centre! 214 bus stop only 190 metres from the front door!  The location must be seen to be fully appreciated.

Dimensions:
Living 5.26m x 3.55m
Hall+Guest Toilet 5.75m x 2.40m
Dining 3.84m x 3.56m
Kitchen 3.18m x 2..65m
Utility 1.55m x 1.12m
Rear extension 3.65m x 3.19m
Bedroom 4.44m x 3.64m
Ensuite 2.25m x 1.14m
Bedroom 4.73m x 3.62m
Bedroom 2.93m x 2.78
Landing 3.12m x 2.35m
Bathroom 2.26m x 1.68m

Contact Rose Property Services to book in for your viewing!
Features: 22 Fernwood, Wilton, Co. Cork, T12F836€350,0003 Bed3 Bath117 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.869466,-8.502104
------------------------------
Address: Colm O'DonnellanO'Donnellan & JoyceRahoon House, Ros Geal, Rahoon Road, Rahoon, Galway City, Co. GalwayPrice on Application8 Bed7 Bath399 m²ApartmentADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-rahoon-house-ros-geal-rahoon-galway-city-co-galway/5854446
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:399 m²BEAUTIFUL PERIOD-STYLE PROPERTY WITH FOUR SPACIOUS APARTMENTS IN TURN-KEY CONDITION 

ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers are delighted to bring to market this unique investment opportunity to acquire this exceptionally refurbished period residence thats has been fully remodelled & comprises of four spacious modern apartments. 

Originally constructed circa 1860, the property has been tastefully restored after being left idle for several years. 

The property has been remodelled to accommodate four spacious apartments, each comprising of two bedrooms, modern bathroom & kitchen finishes, as well as impressive reception areas. 

Whilst modernised throughout, the refurbishment has been respectful to the original features & period style which is highlighted throughout each apartment & the communal space.

 Features include vaulted ceilings, detailed coving & cornicing, large floor-to-ceiling windows in the reception rooms and a beautifully classic stairwell in the communal area. 

Rahoon house is situated in the already established residential development of Ros Geal, just off of the Rahoon Road. The area is well positioned for local amenities such as Westside Shopping Centre & Gateway Retail Centre, whilst within easy reach of several outdoor landmarks including Salthill promenade, McGraths Field, Westside Playing Fields & Cappagh Fields. 

Quality transport links give easy access to all of Galway City locales & City Centre. 

Rahoon House provides a unique opportunity to acquire four apartments in one holding. The turn-key condition along with the beautiful period-style character is rare to come by. 

Viewing is highly recommended & guaranteed not to disappoint. 

Keep up to-date with NEW PROPERTIES by registering your details on our database 

For Further details please contact our office on 091-564212 
OFFICE OPENING HOURS - MON TO FRI 9AM TO 5:30PM

Properties can be viewed on our website www.odj.ie 

NOTE: These particulars are not to be considered a formal offer. They are for information only and give a general idea of the property. They are not to be taken as forming any part of a resulting contract, nor to be relied upon as statements or representations of fact. Whilst every care is taken in their preparation, neither ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers nor the vendor accept any liability as to their accuracy. Intending purchasers must satisfy themselves by personal inspection or otherwise as to the correctness of these particulars. No person in the employment of ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property.   

'
Features: Rahoon House, Ros Geal, Rahoon Road, Rahoon, Galway City, Co. GalwayPrice on Application8 Bed7 Bath399 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.273781,-9.091508
------------------------------
Address: Colm O'DonnellanO'Donnellan & JoyceSummerdale House, Bishop O'Donnell Road, Galway City, Co. Galway, H91E6CHPrice on Application0.74 acSiteADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/site-summerdale-house-bishop-odonnell-road-galway-city-co-galway/5878689
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:0.74 acSummerdale House, Bishop O’Donnell Road, Galway City, H91 E6CH

HIGH PROFILE SITE WITH GEORGIAN HOUSE & DEVELOPMENT POTENTIAL

O’Donnellan & Joyce are delighted to be instructed with the sale of this rare property in the townland of Rahoon.   

Described as a detached two-storey, 5 bay Georgian house-built c. 1880, Summerdale House is listed on Galway City Council’s Record of Protected Structures as it has special historical architectural interest

Summerdale House sits on a site of approx. 0.74 acres in a high-density area with a mix of private residential homes and student accommodation apartment blocks. 

Very well located, Summerdale House avails of many local amenities such as Gateway Retail Park, Westside Shopping Centre, Galway Lawn Tennis Club, Blackrock Diving Tower and the ever-popular Salthill Promenade. 

Several quality primary and secondary schools are within walking distance and University of Galway and the University Hospital are minutes away. 

Summerdale House have been vacant for many years and is derelict. The floor area comprises of approx. 250 sq.m with some outbuildings to the rear.

FULL DETAILS FROM COLM O’DONNELLAN, O’DONNELLAN & JOYCE AUCTIONEERS 091 564 212.

NOTE: These particulars are not to be considered a formal offer. They are for information only and give a general idea of the property. They are not to be taken as forming any part of a resulting contract, nor to be relied upon as statements or representations of fact. Whilst every care is taken in their preparation, neither ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers nor the vendor accept any liability as to their accuracy. Intending purchasers must satisfy themselves by personal inspection or otherwise as to the correctness of these particulars. No person in the employment of ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property.
Entrance Hall

Lounge

Family Room

Breakfast room

Guest wc

FIRST FLOOR

Bedroom 1

Bedroom 2

Bedroom 3

Bedroom 4

'
Features: Summerdale House, Bishop O'Donnell Road, Galway City, Co. Galway, H91E6CHPrice on Application0.74 acSite
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.271745,-9.086668
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - Galway CityFair Deal Property Ltd -Galway1 ONLINE OFFER83 Father Griffin Road, Galway, Claddagh, Co. Galway, H91W6YT€325,0002 Bed1 Bath50 m²BungalowSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-83-father-griffin-road-galway-claddagh-co-galway/5882713
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:50 m²Fair Deal Property, Galway’s Fastest Growing Estate Agency;

Are delighted to present to you for sale Number 83 Father Griffin Road; a delightful two bedroom bungalow residence with a large south facing garden located in one of Galway’s most cherished neighbourhoods; The Claddagh.

It is no mere coincidence that the famous ring that bears its name has the heart at its centre, for the Claddagh is the heart of Galway and one of the city’s original and most loved neighbourhoods.

The Claddagh Ring symbolises love, friendship and loyalty which is a wonderful reflection on the community that has inspired it.

This ancient fishing village remains full of this spirit of kinship and community and it invites you now to become part of its rich and enduring heritage.

This home is bursting full of potential and is ready to be transformed by the astute purchaser into a stunning 21st century home.

It has been vacant for coming up to two years and by the time it will be sold it will qualify for up to €70,000 in refurbishment grants which will make this a very attractive proposition for all home buyers and investors who wish to acquire a wonderfully located property that has all the potential to become a modern and stylish city residence.

On arrival you are greeted with an ideal sized front garden featuring mature lawns and hedging which sets the home back perfectly from the main road.

The entrance hallway runs the length of the house and features high ceilings along with natural wood flooring.

To your left is the main living room which features an abundance of natural light from a set of dual windows overlooking the garden to the front of the property.

The living space interconnects with the kitchen zone which features modern units and appliances.

On the opposing side of the house there are two good sized double bedrooms with ample space for bedroom furniture.

A spacious family bathroom along with a rear entrance porch completes the accommodation for this delightful residence.

The large back garden provides enormous potential with huge space to extend. The neighbouring houses have been fully extended by up to 40 square meters which has almost doubled the original floor area. As this is within the allowable parameters it will be exempt from the requirement of planning permission which means that works can commence upon purchase.

The extra high ceilings are also a massive advantage as they will allow for the fitting of underfloor heating pipes along with up to 200mm of additional floor insulation with sufficient headroom remaining. 

If you are looking for a wonderfully located property in one of Galway most loved neighbourhoods that is within  walking distance to everything that our wonderful city has to offer and is bursting full of potential with substantial grants available to bring all of your vision to life; then we suggest that you look no further than Number 83 Father Griffin Road as it is certain to meet all of your wish list requirements.

If this sounds like you then we will be delighted to hear from you and to help you in any way that we can.

Brought to you by Fair Deal Property
The Premium Estate Agency
Without the High Fees
Because You Deserve A Fair Deal.

ACCOMMODATION:
Entrance Hall 16 x 4. Leading to two bedrooms on the right and the living room, kitchen and wet room on the left. Door at the end into the rear hall and back door to the garden.

Living Room 10 x 15. Feature fireplace with marble and timber surround. Laminate flooring and two windows overlook the front lawn and onto Father Burke Park.

Kitchen 8 x 9. Accessed via the living room. A window overlooks the rear garden. Built in kitchen presses with stainless steel sink unit, with room for cooker and fridge and extractor fan.

Bedroom 1 10 x 8.6. Front facing bedroom overlooking lawn.

Bedroom 2 10 x 9. South facing bedroom overlooking rear garden.

Wet Room 7.5 x 7.6. Fully tiled wet room with Mira electric shower, washing basin and WC. Plumbing for washing machine.

Rear Hall 3.0 x 4.8. Small hall leading to the rear garden.
Features: 83 Father Griffin Road, Galway, Claddagh, Co. Galway, H91W6YT€325,0002 Bed1 Bath50 m²Bungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.268314,-9.05805
------------------------------
Address: Sales Team 4Ray Cooke Auctioneers104 Meadow Copse, D15 EW7X, Hartstown, Dublin 15€330,0003 Bed1 Bath84 m²BungalowViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-104-meadow-copse-d15-ew7x-hartstown-dublin-15/5879582
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:84 m²Ray Cooke Auctioneers is excited to present this well-located three-bedroom detached bungalow in the Mature and peaceful residential area of Meadow Copse, Hartstown, Dublin 15. The property offers convenient access to a variety of amenities, including shops, schools, Blanchardstown Shopping Centre and Millennium Park to name a few. From a transportation point of view, you will find yourself well serviced by bus routes and have easy access to the N3 & M50 road networks which make commuting a breeze. With internal accommodation boasting c. 84 square meters of bright and airy living space, this home features an entrance hallway, living room, refitted kitchen, extended dining area, three bedrooms and a family bathroom.

Externally this property benefits from a fully enclosed SOUTH/EAST facing garden with large patio area and dual side access leading to the front which offers a gated driveway for off road parking for several vehicles. No. 104 comes to the market in great condition throughout and further benefits here including gas central heating, double glazed windows, extended accommodation and further scope for development if needed by way of attic conversion. This charming family home is perfect for those seeking a downsizing opportunity and due to type of property, location and condition we know this will be extremely popular so please contact Ray Cooke Auctioneers to register your interest and book a viewing.

 

 

Features

Ber C3

C. 84 sqm

Highly sought after development

Extended to rear

Detached bungalow

Large attic space

S/E facing garden

Close to amenities

Gated driveway to front

Cul-de-sac location

Fantastic opportunity

Double glazed windows

All transport routes easily accessible

Call today to arrange a viewing!

 

Directions

Travelling north along the N3, take exit 3 just after Blanchardstown shopping centre and continue towards the first roundabout. Take the 3rd exit onto Blakestown Way. Proceed straight whilst the road merges into Huntstown Way and when your reach the roundabout adjacent to Hartstown Park, take the 3rd exit onto Castlewood. Just before you reach the round about you will find Meadow Copse on you left hand side.


 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x29MQuPpv5E
Features: 104 Meadow Copse, D15 EW7X, Hartstown, Dublin 15€330,0003 Bed1 Bath84 m²Bungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.398737834105,-6.419383032745
------------------------------
Address: Mark RoseRose Property ServicesONLINE OFFERS36 Newton Court, Grange, Douglas, Co. Cork, T12YNN3€279,0003 Bed1 Bath110 m²Semi-DSouth FacingADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-36-newton-court-grange-douglas-co-cork/5880785
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:110 m²Rose Property presents:

36 Newton Court, Douglas, Cork.

This spacious 3 bed house comes to market with vacant possession. The property enjoys a south facing rear garden which is fully enclosed and favorable location in a mature cul de sac. There is a separate kitchen, dining room and living room. The garage gives space to extend also and has a modern PVC multi locking door at the front. Heating is gas fired and windows are PVC double glazed. Walk to ALDI or Ryan's SUPERVALU from your front door and 206 bus route is also a short walk. The size of the bedrooms in this house are more generous than lots of other houses nearby and it's a real bonus. Parking is easy on your own private driveway at the front. Easy access to Cork Airport and its business park via Cooney's Lane. Tramore Valley park with its new bridge access nearby is also a game changer for all residents of Grange/Frankfield. Scoil Nioclais is within walking distance so this house really does have it all.

Built 1972.

Book your viewing today with sole agent Rose Property.

Dimensions-

Dining 4.24 x 3.35
Living 4.24 x 3.93
Kitchen 4.83 x 2.16
Garage 5.74 x 2.71
Bathroom 2.22 x 1.69
Hall 3.04 x 1.92
Bedroom 5 x 4.18
Bedroom 4.24 x 3.28
Bedroom 3.17 x 2.43
Landing 1.45 x 1.02
Features: 36 Newton Court, Grange, Douglas, Co. Cork, T12YNN3€279,0003 Bed1 Bath110 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.865006,-8.452392
------------------------------
Address: Maria Clifford, PSRA No. 001852 - 002258LibertyBlue Estate AgentsKilcaragh, Grantstown, Ballinamona, Co. Waterford, X91W3P0€475,0004 Bed3 Bath199 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-kilcaragh-grantstown-ballinamona-co-waterford/5878898
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:199 m²Liberty Blue Estate Agents Proudly Present This Beautiful Countryside Home: The Perfect Blend of Tranquility and City Convenience.

Welcome to your future home - a stunning, large detached residence built in 1997, nestled in the heart of the countryside. This isn’t just a property; it’s a personal sanctuary that embodies the perfect blend of privacy, space, and natural beauty.

Imagine waking up every morning in a home that offers not only generous indoor living but also vast outdoor spaces where you can breathe in the fresh country air. With a prime location just a short three-minute drive from Ballygunner School, under ten minutes to University Hospital Waterford and Ardkeen, and only a ten-minute drive to Waterford city, you can enjoy the best of both worlds—serenity and convenience.

Key Features:
Stunning Outdoor Spaces: One of the standout features of this property is its expansive garden, meticulously landscaped and surrounded by mature hedging and trees. This lush outdoor area provides a peaceful retreat for family gatherings, barbecues, or simply unwinding after a long day. Picture yourself sipping coffee on the terrace, soaking up the sun, or hosting friends for an unforgettable outdoor dinner party under the stars.

Inviting Interior: As you step inside, you’ll be welcomed by a bright and spacious entrance hallway that sets the tone for the rest of the home. To the left, a large reception room beckons, complete with a charming solid fuel stove and a beautiful bay window that invites natural light. This cozy space is perfect for family gatherings or a quiet night in.

Flexible Living Spaces: To the right of the hallway, you’ll find a versatile living room that can easily function as a fourth bedroom if desired, making this home adaptable to your needs. Additionally, a conveniently located WC and a generous utility room provide practicality for everyday living.
The heart of the home lies in the spacious kitchen-diner, which is designed with both functionality and comfort in mind. This solid-fitted kitchen features ample storage and a dining area that leads to a dual-aspect sunroom. The sunroom, with its patio door access to the outdoor terrace, is bathed in natural light and is the perfect spot for al fresco dining or simply enjoying a quiet moment with a view of the beautiful surroundings.

Comfortable Bedrooms: Ascend to the first floor, where you’ll discover three impressive bedrooms, each thoughtfully designed with ample storage solutions. The master suite is a true retreat, complete with an ensuite bathroom and a walk-in wardrobe, providing a perfect blend of luxury and practicality. The main family bathroom on this level features decorative tiling, adding an elegant touch to your daily routines.

Practical Amenities: This home is equipped with oil-fired central heating and PVC double glazing throughout, ensuring you stay comfortable no matter the season. A detached serviced garage offers additional storage and convenience, making it easy to keep your outdoor space tidy and organized.

A Rare Find: This property stands out in today’s market, not only for its unique features but also for its rare combination of space, privacy, and a location that allows you to enjoy the tranquillity of country living without sacrificing access to urban amenities.

This is more than just a house; it’s a place where memories are made, where families grow, and where you can truly feel at home. Don’t miss the opportunity to make this dream home your reality. Schedule a viewing today and come experience the charm and warmth that awaits you in this beautiful country escape!

*** Liberty Blue Estate Agents and their servants or agents assume no responsibility for and give no guarantees, undertakings or warranties concerning the accuracy, completeness or up-to-date nature of the information and do not accept any liability whatsoever arising from any errors or omissions. The information does not constitute or form part of a contract and cannot be relied on as a representation of fact. Subject to contract / contract denied. Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate, and photographs provided for guidance only. ***
Features: VideoVirtual TourKilcaragh, Grantstown, Ballinamona, Co. Waterford, X91W3P0€475,0004 Bed3 Bath199 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.212534,-7.077666
------------------------------
Address: John O'MahonyJ & M O'Mahony - OM2Coolduff, Lissarda, Kilmurry, Co. Cork, P14CK85€575,0005 Bed3 Bath375 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-coolduff-lissarda-kilmurry-co-cork/5877185
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:375 m²COOLDUFF, LISSARDA, CO. CORK.

Within walking distance of Kilmurry Village, and only a short 20-minute drive from Ballincollig, you will find this stunning 5-bedroom detached home, complete with Garden Room, Garage & Car Port.  

Originally a classic 2 up, 2 down stone cottage, the home has been meticulously renovated and extended, transforming it into a spacious 5-bedroom residence that blends traditional character with contemporary living.

The original cottage charm is beautifully preserved with the original stone wall of the cottage exposed in the living/dining area, and compliments the modern open-plan living space, perfect for family gatherings or entertaining friends. Large windows let in plenty of natural light, while maintaining the warm, cozy feel of the original home.

Set on just over half an acre, the property offers ample outdoor space with a mature garden that has been carefully maintained, including apple trees, cherry blossom, crab apple tree, monkey puzzle tree and rose bushes.  A robot lawnmower takes care of the manicured lawns, giving you more time to enjoy the peaceful surroundings. 

To the rear of the site, a timber-frame Garden Room provides a serene retreat, offering stunning panoramic views—ideal for a quiet morning coffee or an evening sunset on the composite decking.

The driveway, finished with Donegal quartz, making a lovely bright driveway.

This property is a rare find, offering a combination of historic charm, modern amenities, and beautiful natural surroundings—all just a short drive from Ballincollig. Whether you’re looking for a family home or a peaceful countryside retreat, this is an opportunity not to be missed.

LOCATION:
Kilmurry Village has a host of amenities including, Sheila’s Shop; Kilmurry National School; Kilmurry G.A.A. Club; Kilmurry Woods and Independence Museum. 
Step a bit further and you will find Lissarda Village, which has O’Leary’s Circle K Garage and Spar Shop; Mai Fitz Bar & Restaurant; New Golden House Chinese Restaurant and Sweet Magnolia Garden Centre.

Macroom is only a short 10  minute drive away.
Cork City c. 25 mins drive. 

Accommodation:

Munster Joinery Ultra tech front door with glass panel. 

Reception Room:
Solid oak timber flooring; fireplace ready for installation of a wood burning stove (Chimney lined and ready); slate hearth; bookcase/secret door to den; stairs to first floor of old cottage; window; radiator.
Den:
Solid oak timber flooring; open fireplace; radiator; door to rear hallway. 1 no. window 

Open Plan Living/Dining:
Solid oak timber flooring; bright and airy; large windows to rear garden; bay window to side;  large sliding timber doors to rear patio/parking area; solid larch posts; 12 foot ceiling.  Viking wood burning stove;  Feature stone wall, from rear of old cottage.

Kitchen:
Step down into kitchen area; solid timber fitted shaker style fitted kitchen; black granite countertops;  island unit with gas hob and plug points; overhead extractor; original Rayburn solid fuel stove; 3 no. windows;  hand painted Moroccan tiled floor.  9-foot ceiling.

Hallway leading to downstairs w.c. and door to side area/car port/garage; quarry tiled floor; radiator; window;

Downstairs W.C.
Quarry tiled floor; white w.c. and wash hand basin; stand in shower; window; radiator.

Utility Room:
Fitted units; plumbed for washing  machine; shelved wall.

Downstairs Bedroom 1, to front:
Solid oak timber flooring; dual aspect;  2 no. windows; radiator.

STAIRS AND LANDING:
Carpeted stairs, oak flooring on landings.  Stairway extends up 3 floors with 3 large velux windows in roof, complete with remote control and rain sensors.
Additional light shaft on first floor landing also.

FIRST FLOOR
Bedroom 2, to front, in old cottage part of the house:
Dual aspect; 2 no. windows; radiator;  harti sound proof flooring, ready for carpet or finish of your choice !

Bedroom 3, to front:
Large room; Solid oak timber flooring; dual aspect; 2 no. windows; radiator.

Bedroom 4, to rear:
Solid oak timber flooring; dual aspect; 2 no. windows; radiator; 

Office Space: 
In old cottage part of house. window; radiator;  harti sound proof flooring, ready for carpet or finish of your choice !

Bathroom:
Very large with vaulted ceiling over bath area which is raised up; granite bath surround and countertop; large double shower; white w.c. and wash  hand basin;  large feature window.

Master Bedroom 5, in lower attic floor:
Very large, set over 2 floors; dressing room area with 2 no. windows; radiator; solid oak flooring throughout; ceiling extends to 14 feet in some areas; 4 Velux windows; 2 no. windows to side also; stairs to second floor of Master bedroom; lovely space; door leading to upper landing;

Attic Area:
Very large area, with 3m ceilings in some parts.  Round window to front; Velux windows to rear; window to side: floored; ideal space for studio and ready to  have bathroom plumbed in.

GARDEN ROOM – Very Private:
Timber Frame construction:
Solid timber flooring; kitchen area with fitted red high gloss kitchen units.  Fitted storage units; French doors to decking area; 
Office Area/Utility Area:
Plumbed for washing machine. Mezzanine for storage; 2 no. windows; solid timber floors:
Gym Area:
Solid timber floor; w.c. off with double shower, white w.c. and wash hand basin. 


GARAGE / Workshop/Car Port.

Insulated timber frame with larch timber cladding. Flat roof with 1.5m skylights (Large skylights) – double glazed.   Sedum (succulent plants) Living roof;   car port with room for 2 cars; separate workshop area

Enclosed Dog Area with glass walls to rear of living roof garage/workshop

Solar panels for hot water. 
Gas Central Heating: 

AMV €575K



Disclaimer These particulars, whilst believed to be accurate are set out as a general outline only for guidance and do not constitute any part of an offer or contract. Intending purchasers should not rely on them as statements or representation of fact, but must satisfy themselves by inspection, measurement or otherwise as to their accuracy. No person in this firms employment has the authority to make or give any representation or warranty in respect of the property.
Features: Coolduff, Lissarda, Kilmurry, Co. Cork, P14CK85€575,0005 Bed3 Bath375 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.840679,-8.88618
------------------------------
Address: Catherine O'ConnorColliers3 Killincarrig Manor, Greystones, Greystones, Co. Wicklow, A63K221€935,0002 Bed2 Bath141 m²End of TerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/end-of-terrace-house-3-killincarrig-manor-greystones-co-wicklow/5674112
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:141 m²Killincarrig Manor is located in the heart of the Burnaby Estate, tucked away in a truly tranquil location adjoining Greystones Golf Course, providing a picturesque back drop to this unique handsome cut stone coach house.

The Burnaby estate in Greystones was built in the 1890s, when it was planned and developed by the heiress Elizabeth Hawkins-Whitshed. She named it in memory of her husband, Colonel Fred Burnaby. Hawkins-Whitshed owned Killincarrig House, which is now Greystones Golf Club. During the noughties, the stables, coach houses and cut stone buildings at Killincarrig were converted into wonderful coach houses in the Burnaby, located off the renowned Whitshed Road. All the cut stone coach houses are set around a gravelled courtyard and command views of the golf course and across to the Irish Sea.

Tucked away in a truly tranquil location overlooking the fairways of the scenic Golf Course, this unique restored converted coach house is a lofted two-bedroom home measuring 140.6 sq.m (1513 sq.ft) approx. and situated in a courtyard development. This light filled, charming property, which is of its time, designed to exacting standards and is very well presented, is accessed via a long sweeping avenue which guides you up to the timber picket fence and turn left along a gravelled avenue and through the timber gates to the property. There is charming low maintenance southwest facing garden and gravelled forecourt which provides for ample car parking. 

3 Killincarrig Manor will undoubtedly appeal to those looking to move to a more manageable home, whilst retaining extensive reception accommodation ideal for entertaining. Comprising exceptionally large and well-proportioned rooms throughout, the property has been designed to take full advantage of many original features, including cut-stone exterior walls, high vaulted ceilings, and large arched windows, enhanced by open plan layout and extensive use of glass to flood the interior with natural light. 

Approaching the property from the gravelled courtyard a welcoming entrance hall leads to the first bedroom on the left, with walk in wardrobe and door to the spacious white ensuite fully tiled bathroom with brass fittings. To the right off the hall leads to the second double bedroom with a walk-in closet and a very spacious fully tiled shower room with brass fittings

A stairs leads to the upper floor to an impressive living, dining room. This particularly large room with vaulted ceiling has the benefit of not one but five windows including French doors, which take in the wonderful countryside views. There is a feature traditional gas flue stove and double French doors which leads to the balcony which overlooks the manicured fairways and the Wicklow countryside, an ideal spot to enjoy morning breakfast & coffee. There is a second double French doors which open out to the private southwest facing garden, with patio area. There is ample car parking provided. 

The formal dining area leads to the kitchen and utility room which is plumbed for washing machine and washer dryer. The kitchen is fitted with wall and floor units, appliances and is large enough for a breakfast table. There is access from the utility room to the private front patio garden. 

Outside 
To the front, the property enjoys an attractive courtyard setting, set in extensive communal grounds that includes a large green space, sweeping drive and mature plants, shrubs, and trees. Car parking is located to the back of the property accessed via a driveway which is accessed off the entrance avenue to the development. The property benefits from a southwest facing garden and provides for ample car parking.

LOCATION 
Ideally located in the very special location beside Greystones Golf Club, within a 20-minute walk to the village or a 5-minute drive, to the harbour and marina, and the towns enviable range of amenities. These include supermarkets, boutique shops, eateries, and coffee shops. Sporting leisure facilities including the South Beach, sailing club, Shoreline Leisure Centre, Greystones Rugby Club, GAA, tennis, and swimming pool. Also close by are excellent choice of schools and all the shops, cafés to include the renowned Happy Pear, restaurants, and amenities of the town. Commuting to Dublin couldn't be easier thanks to the proximity of the N11, M50 providing access via the Southern Cross route, to all road networks around the country. Greystones DART station is within walking distance, while the Aircoach provides a direct link to Dublin International Airport. 

Features 
Attractive cut stone coach house
Delightful vaulted open plan living cum dining room.
Picturesque views of overlooking the fairways of Greystones Golf Course
Southwest facing patio, garden, and car parking.
Within walking distance of Greystones village and DART
Excellent amenities and schools
Gas fired central heating. 
Approx size 140.6 sq.m (1513 sq.ft)
Management Annual Service Charge: €1,200 approx.
Features: Video3 Killincarrig Manor, Greystones, Greystones, Co. Wicklow, A63K221€935,0002 Bed2 Bath141 m²End of Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.13847,-6.073041
------------------------------
Address: Mark NestorMark Nestor Property Services LtdKenver House, Clonown Road, Athlone, Co. Westmeath, N37XY27€345,0003 Bed3 Bath160 m²End of TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/end-of-terrace-house-kenver-house-clonown-road-athlone-co-westmeath/5861178
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:160 m²Presenting "Kenver House," an exquisite end-of-terrace residence, circa 1870, nestled at the peaceful end of a serene street in Athlone's suburbs close to the ever popular Shamrock Lodge Hotel, just a leisurely stroll from vibrant Athlone town and its myriad amenities along with been within a stones throw to the banks of the River Shannon.

This stunning home has been meticulously curated by its current owners, offering a harmonious blend of modern comfort and timeless elegance.

Upon stepping through the front door, you're welcomed into an inviting foyer adorned with new wood-effect tiled flooring, a charming Dutch door, and a staircase cleverly concealing storage underneath. A beautifully decorated brand-new WC with tasteful tiles and fittings adds to the welcoming ambiance.

The heart of the home lies beyond in the kitchen/diner, featuring luxurious marble counter tops, a farmhouse basin (Belfast sink), touch-to-turn on tap, stylish wood floating shelves, and a sleek island with seating for four. 

An oil Stanley cooker, matching Samsung dishwasher and fridge, and a fitted blackboard enhance both functionality and aesthetics. Adjacent to the kitchen is a fully equipped laundry room boasting wood-effect tile floors, ample storage, a folding counter top, washer and dryer, and a built-in drying rack.

The ground floor further boasts a generously proportioned sitting room adorned with beautiful exposed brick, a cozy Stanley wood-burning stove, and glass double doors leading to the enchanting back garden. Remote-controlled lighting and a ceiling fan ensure optimal comfort and ambiance. 

Additionally, an Office/Bedroom with new wood-effect tile floors, underfloor heating, glass double doors to the garden, and a walk-in closet, which can be easily converted into an en-suite, offer versatile living options.

Ascending upstairs, immaculate hardwood floors guide you to the landing adorned with new storage units. A further bedroom awaits, complete with hardwood floors, a new en-suite bath featuring a walk-in shower and custom vanity, a walk-in wardrobe, and industrial bookshelves. Remote-controlled lighting and a ceiling fan add a touch of luxury and convenience.

The luxury Master Suite boasts hardwood floors, a spacious walk-in wardrobe with fitted units, and a master bath with separate bath and walk-in shower, double vanity, LED mirrors, and ample storage. Underfloor heating, remote-controlled lighting, and a ceiling fan ensure a comfortable retreat.

Outside, a large back garden area with paving stones, raised beds, and mature plants offers a serene oasis overlooking the Athlone canal. A large shed with versatile access provides ample storage potential or could be transformed into an outdoor cinema room or granny flat (subject to planning permission).

With upgraded electricals throughout, original coving dating back 130 years, a new hot water tank and water pump, sound-insulated, CCTV cameras, and a certified electrical box, Kenver House presents a perfect blend of historic charm and contemporary luxury.

Viewing of this Property comes highly recommended and strictly by prior appointment through sole selling agent, Mark Nestor Property Services Tel: 0906409095. Disclaimer: Mark Nestor Property Services endeavour to maintain accurate depictions of properties in Virtual Tours, Floor Plans and descriptions, however, these are intended only as a guide and purchasers must satisfy themselves by personal inspection.
Features: Kenver House, Clonown Road, Athlone, Co. Westmeath, N37XY27€345,0003 Bed3 Bath160 m²End of Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.419582,-7.947882
------------------------------
Address: Michael CoppingerDNG Reid & CoppingerBerring's, Berring's, Island Lane, Ballinakill, Waterford City, Co. Waterford, X91YYP8€695,0005 Bed4 Bath260 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-berrings-berrings-island-lane-ballinakill-waterford-city-co-waterford/5878055
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:260 m²Berring's is a spacious five bedroom, four bath, detached family home situated on a private site in the exclusive development of Island Lane, Ballinakill just off the Dunmore Road and adjacent to Waterford Castle. Rarely does a property of this calibre come to market in this prestigious development of just twelve detached family homes. The property has the benefit of being on a large private site with south facing rear garden. This wonderful home extends to c. 250 sq.m. of spacious light filled accommodation and heated by oil fired central heating with a C2 energy rating. The property is entered by a large tarmacadam driveway surrounded by mature trees and shrubbery. The ground floor accommodation comprises of an entrance porch, a welcoming large entrance hallway with vaulted ceiling and featured fireplace with woodburning stove, spacious living room with featured natural sandstone fireplace, large bay window with double doors to deck area and garden, dining room / lounge. The spacious kitchen /diner has a vaulted ceiling with skylight and hand-crafted kitchen with terracotta tiled flooring, garden room, utility with wc, three bedrooms with master main en-suite and main bathroom. First floor open plan lounge / landing area with skylight , two double bedrooms and shower room. Detached garage with electricity supply & Upvc double glazing, suitable for conversion to home office or games room. Viewing this property comes highly recommended. 

LOCATION
The property is located the sought after private residential area of Island Lane, Ballinakill just off the Dunmore Road in the eastern suburbs of Waterford City. Situated adjacent to Waterford Castle Hotel & Golf club, within walking distance of University Hospital Waterford, The Brasscock Shopping Complex and both the Tesco and The Ardkeen Shopping Centres. The property also located within easy reach of the new outer ring road, giving easy access to the Waterford IDA Industrial estate, the M9 Waterford to Dublin motorway via the Southlink Bridge, and the N25 Rosslare to Cork Roads.

VIEWING
Strictly by appointment with selling Agents DNG Reid & Coppinger 


GROUND FLOOR

Entrance Hallway 5.49 x 5.04. Terracotta tiled flooring. Impressive entrance hallway with vaulted ceiling. Open fireplace with Stanley stove.

Living Room 5.44 x 4.98. Carpet flooring. Sandstone open fireplace with wood burning stove. Bay window. Double doors to decking area and garden.

Kitchen/Diner 5.81 x 6.05. Terracotta tiled flooring. Fitted kitchen with Stanley range cooker and integrated dishwasher. Vaulted ceiling with skylight windows.

Utility Room 3.15 x 5.10. Terracotta tiled flooring.

W.C. 2.19 x 1.05. Tiled flooring. W.C. WHB.

Garden Room 3.27 x 2.16. Tiled flooring. Double doors to decking area and garden.

Dining Room or Lounge 3.41 x 3.42. Terracotta tiled flooring. Venetian blinds to window.

Master Bedroom 6.07 x 3.63. Carpet flooring. Blinds to window. Sliderobe wardrobes.

En Suite 1.91 x 1.92. Tiled flooring. W.C. WHB. Corner shower with glass doors. Walls tiled from floor to ceiling.

Bedroom 2 4.01 x 2.68. Carpet flooring. Blinds and curtains to windows.

Bedroom 3 4.00 x 2.65. Carpet flooring. Blinds and curtains to window. Sliderobe wardrobes

Bathroom 2.86 x 2.81. Terracotta tiled flooring. W.C. WHB. Corner jacuzzi bath. Shower.

FIRST FLOOR

Lounge/Landing Area    Wood flooring. Skylight windows.

Bedroom 4 4.90 x 3.65. Wood flooring. Velux window.

Bedroom 5 4.86 x 3.65. Wood flooring. Velux window.

Shower Room 3.46 x 2.98. Tiled flooring. W.C. WHB. T90 Electric shower.

Detached Garage 6.38 x 6.60.
Features: Berring's, Berring's, Island Lane, Ballinakill, Waterford City, Co. Waterford, X91YYP8€695,0005 Bed4 Bath260 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.245258,-7.063321
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - TuamFair Deal Property Ltd -Galway2 ONLINE OFFERSGrandgate Lodge, Gardenfield, Tuam, Co. Galway, H54Y067€550,0004 Bed3 Bath220 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-grandgate-lodge-gardenfield-tuam-co-galway/5747044
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:220 m²Fair Deal Property, Your Market Leaders for Residential Property Sales

Are overjoyed to present to you for sale "Grandgate Lodge" a uniquely situated four bedroom "A Rated" family residence located in the prized community of Gardenfield on the outskirts of Tuam town and just moments from the M17/M18 Motorway.

As one of the leading sellers of residential property in the West of Ireland we see a lot of exquisite locations but we can say without hesitation that Grandgate Lodge occupies such a uniquely beautiful corner of ground that it is certain to enchant all those who encounter it.

Perched on an elevated site which is embraced to the rear by the River Clare as it meanders its way towards the iconic Lough Corrib and featuring private river bank walks along with steps to traditional bathing and fishing points, the location is simply stunning and heaven for all those who wish to embrace the waters and the wilds.

The house fronts onto the quiet boreen that leads to Gardenfield House which was the stronghold of the Kirwan's in the late 1800's. This is a beautiful and secluded walking trail and is a wonderful resource to have on right on your doorstep.

On arrival your are greeted with impressive native stone perimeter walling, a set of electronic gates, a decorative stone facade along with a beautifully planted garden that is fully in bloom, all of which combine to set the tone for the standard of accommodation that lies within

The entrance hallway is bright and spacious and leads you into the open living space which features a custom curved ash staircase, vaulted ceilings and a set of glazed French doors which overlook the rear of the property. The space is further illuminated by the set of Velux windows above.

The kitchen diner is beautifully designed and features dual aspect windows along with a handmade oak kitchen that has recently been remodelled and is finished in a contemporary blue pallet. 

There are two further reception rooms on the opposing side of the house one of which is currently laid out as music room and provides breathtaking viewings of the aforementioned River Clare.

The house abounds with premium fixtures and fittings and the commitment to quality materials and modern technology is everywhere to be seen, Including;  premium solid wide plank oak floors with exquisite carpentry throughout, mood lighting, underfloor heating with ground source heat pump technology along with a dual solar panel system which provides both hot water and electricity. 

The first floor also benefits from a downstairs bedroom complete with shower room, an ideal sized office space and a guest WC. A spacious utility room that also provides access to the rear of the property completes the most impressive ground floor accommodation of this beautiful home.

The masterful quarter turn ash stairwell leads you up through curved steps to the light filled landing which overlooks the living space below.

The master bedroom is beautifully conceived and features a delightful balcony area that affords stunning river views. Oriental style sliding doors lead you into the walk-in wardrobe/dressing area which interconnects with one of two jack and jill ensuites which provide for dual bathroom  access.
 
There are two further spacious bedrooms both of which are beautifully presented and also share a dual access ensuite.

If you are ready to put down roots in the location of locations surrounded by outstanding natural beauty in a "A Rated" home of style and purpose  that has been handsomely designed and beautifully finished and is within walking distance to Tuam town and just a short drive to Galway City, then we suggest that you book your viewing visit for Grandgate Lodge today as we suspect that upon arrival here all other alternatives will simply vanish from the mind.

Brought to you by Fair Deal Property

Your Market Leaders for Residential Property Sales.


Key features:


-BER: A3
-Located on the east bank of river Clare with private access to swimming, boating, fishing and a woodland riverside path.
-The house was built in 2005. The kitchen was remodelled in 2019 with new flooring, countertops, sink and storage. All upstairs was re-floored in 2016.  The site was completely fenced in 2017 to make it child safe.
-Security:   Electric gates, the site is fenced all round, ground and wall lights around the property on sensors. EZVIZ Wi-Fi cameras front and back with micro SD cards for recording. View the house on your device from anywhere in the world. Home Secure monitored alarm system. All external doors, including garage are triple locked.
-Heating: Geothermal heat pump. All downstairs has under floor heating whilst upstairs has radiators. Both sitting rooms have gas fire/stove. There are 7 zones for heating , all individually controlled
-Hot water: Solar tubes on roof supply practically all of the hot water requirements from April to September. Immersion heater supplies hot water in the winter months.
-High speed fibre broadband.
-Solar panels: 5.52 Kwp system. 12 x 460 W Jinko Solar panels, Sofar 5k Hybrid Inverter, 3 x 5Kwh Dyness Amass Storage Batteries. Smart meter installed.
-Gardens:  Vegetable garden, herb corner, Small orchard, Greenhouse, Tree house, Pergola.
-All internal ceiling lighting is 5 watt LED with dimming system in the lounge and music room.
-The Sewage treatment plant was emptied and serviced in April 2024.
Features: VideoGrandgate Lodge, Gardenfield, Tuam, Co. Galway, H54Y067€550,0004 Bed3 Bath220 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.533553,-8.870457
------------------------------
Address: Quillsen RanelaghQuillsen46 Upper Grand Canal Street, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04VX62€1,250,0004 Bed3 Bath154 m²TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-46-upper-grand-canal-street-ballsbridge-dublin-4/5874271
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:154 m²Quillsen is delighted to present to the market this very elegant and deceptively spacious period home that is enviably situated on the door steps of all that the city centre has to offer. 

No 46 is a residence with a delicate fusion of contemporary design and classic elegance throughout. Built c. 1870, the stunning, four bedroomed family home has been extended and refurbished to a very high standard and it is a pleasure to inspect. It has a host of attractive period features which include original fireplaces, ornate plaster work, picture rails, unique joinery and high ceilings. 

Extending to approximately 154 sqm / 1,660 sqft, the accommodation briefly comprises, an entrance hall, two gracious interconnecting reception rooms, an extended kitchen/breakfast room, a utility room and a guest w.c. Upstairs there are four bedrooms (master ensuite) and a family bathroom.

To the front is a paved driveway providing off-street parking (together with additional on-street residents' disc parking available). To complete the picture there is the meticulously designed rear garden, which is totally enclosed and offers a high degree of privacy. It features paved pathways and a high-quality putting green, perfect for honing your golf skills or simply enjoying leisurely afternoons. Surrounded by lush greenery and framed by old stone walls, this garden which is not overlooked, is a sanctuary that feels miles away from urban hustle and bustle. 

Superbly located within the environs of both Sandymount and Ballsbridge, a hugely convenient lifestyle is guaranteed. There are a choice of excellent shops and restaurants nearby including The Old Spot, The Bath, Lott's & Co, Slattery's, The Chop House, and Juniors. The area offers an array of other amenities that include SPORTSCO Leisure Centre, Lansdowne Tennis club, the Aviva stadium, the Bórd Gais Theatre and the RDS to mention but a few. 

The city centre and Grand Canal Dock are both within a five minute walk and many of the city's prolific employers, including the European headquarters of Google and Facebook are nearby. The Samuel Beckett Bridge provides access to the hub of Dublin's financial and banking industry at the IFSC, together with the National College of Ireland, the National Convention Centre and the 3 Arena. The area is served by a range of public transport services with several bus routes and the DART on the doorstep. The airport is a 15 minute drive via the port tunnel.

In addition to a hugely convenient address, what is on offer at No 46 is the opportunity to live in a stylish contemporary family home that's fused with the charm and classic elegance of a by-gone era. A viewing of this beautiful home comes highly recommended. 

Please contact Marian McQuillan or Patricia Casey to arrange a viewing.

Accommodation
Ground Floor

Entrance Hallway - 8.13m (26'8") x 1.66m (5'5")
Welcoming entrance hall with an abundance of original detailed plasterwork (at ceiling level) and attractive archway. Wall panelling. New walnut wood floor. Spacious storage area.

Drawing Room - 4.77m (15'8") x 3.97m (13'0")
Beautiful light filled room to the front. Marble fireplace, Original joinery, Walnut wood floor. Double doors to...

Living Room - 4.07m (13'4") x 3.7m (12'2")
Spacious room to the rear. Marble fireplace with black hearth. Walnut wood floor. High quality custom made desk and shelving create the perfect work from home space with a touch of style and practicality..Double patio doors to the back garden



Kitchen/Dining/Family Room - 11.43m (37'6") x 4.26m (14'0") Max
Stunning extended kitchen and dining area boasting an extensive range of wall and floor kitchen units. Floor-to-ceiling glazing in the dining area floods the room with natural light, offering panoramic views of the picturesque rear garden. The seamless flow from the kitchen to the dining area creates an inviting atmosphere perfect for entertaining guests or enjoying intimate family meals. With two sets of doors leading out to the rear garden, indoor-outdoor living is effortlessly embraced.



Utility Room
Valuable utilty room, plumbed for washing machine

WC
Guest w.c and w.h.b

First Floor

Landing

Bedroom 1 - 4.14m (13'7") x 3.22m (10'7")
Spacious double room to the front. Built in wardrobes and desk.

Bedroom 2 - 4.23m (13'11") x 3.7m (12'2")
Spacious double room overlooking the rear garden. Extensive built in wardrobes. Ensuite off...

Ensuite - 1.34m (4'5") x 2.22m (7'3")
Shower, w.c., w.h.b. Attractively tiled walls and floor.

Bedroom 3 - 2.74m (9'0") x 2.7m (8'10")
Spacious single room on the return. Built-in wardrobes.

Bedroom 4 - 3.25m (10'8") x 2.14m (7'0")
Spacious single room to the front. Built-in wardrobes.

Family Bathroom - 2.55m (8'4") x 1.68m (5'6")
Bath, w.c, w.h.b. Tiled walls and floor.


 Note: 
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only. Property Reference :QUIL2229
Features: Video46 Upper Grand Canal Street, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04VX62€1,250,0004 Bed3 Bath154 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.337635,-6.23502
------------------------------
Address: Margaret FogartyRE/MAX Property Specialists11 Woodfield, Circular Road, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91A3X0€870,0004 Bed3 BathDetachedStunning ViewsADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-11-woodfield-circular-road-dunmore-east-co-waterford/5868845
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyNo. 11 Woodfield is a truly exceptional property, perfectly blending modern design with a serene, natural setting. Situated on the prestigious Circular Road in Dunmore East, this four-bedroom, three-bathroom detached home offers beautiful sea views and a private retreat while being just a short stroll from both the upper and lower village of Dunmore East.

Set on an elevated site spanning approximately one-third of an acre, the property is thoughtfully designed for both convenience and privacy. The northern boundary is sheltered by woods, creating a peaceful and secluded atmosphere, the rear gardens feature lush, mature lawns with a variety of trees and shrubs. These gardens provide an ideal space for relaxation, with seating areas strategically placed to enjoy the sea views and tranquil surroundings. The property also boasts ample onsite parking for several cars.
The interior of the home is equally impressive, with light-filled, welcoming spaces enhanced by the use of corner windows that maximize natural light and frame the beautiful coastal views. 

Upon entering, you are greeted by a double-height entrance hall that sets the tone for the home's spacious and airy feel. The main living room features an open fire, creating a cozy atmosphere, and leads to a dedicated study/home office. The recently refurbished kitchen seamlessly connects to a family room, where a fitted stove adds warmth and charm, and the adjoining sunroom offers a bright, inviting space to relax or dine.

The ground floor also includes a convenient ensuite bedroom, complete with a fully fitted walk-in wardrobe, and guest WC. 
Upstairs, the first floor hosts three generously sized double bedrooms and a family bathroom, providing ample space for family or guests.
The property is fully alarmed. It also holds an energy rating of C3, with oil fired central heating and the benefit of a fitted stove and open fireplace. 
Despite its peaceful and secluded setting, No. 11 Woodfield is ideally located for convenience, with Waterford City just a 15-minute drive away, offering all the amenities and services of urban living.  

Dunmore East itself offers an abundance of sporting amenities including sailing, fishing, swimming, hiking, cliff and woods walks, along with surfing in nearby Tramore.  For the golfing enthusiast there are a number of championship golf courses close by including, Tramore, Faithlegg and Waterford Castle.

This home offers an extraordinary opportunity to enjoy a peaceful, coastal lifestyle while still being within easy reach of village life, Waterford city and sporting and leisure amenities.

These particulars do not constitute an offer or contract, and whilst every effort has been made in preparing all descriptions, dimensions, maps, and plans, these details should not be relied upon as fact. Dimensions / Illustrations are for guideline purposes only and not to scale. RE/MAX Property Specialists - Team fogarty will not hold itself responsible for any inaccuracies contained therein
Features: Virtual Tour11 Woodfield, Circular Road, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91A3X0€870,0004 Bed3 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.150894,-6.998012
------------------------------
Address: Fran Grincell PropertiesFran Grincell PropertiesHillcroft, Greens Hill, Kilkenny, Co. Kilkenny, R95YR6E€795,0005 Bed2 Bath195 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-hillcroft-greens-hill-kilkenny-co-kilkenny/5850481
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:195 m²Welcome to Hillcroft, an exceptional 5-bedroom detached executive home located on the highly sought-after Greenshill Road, just a short distance from Kilkenny City Centre. Combining premium quality and substantial size with a prime location, Hillcroft offers an unparalleled opportunity in one of Kilkenny's most prestigious addresses.
Hillcroft is ideally positioned for convenience and leisure. The property is within walking distance of Kilkenny College Secondary School and The Model Primary School. For relaxation and recreation, the nearby Newpark Hotel and Leisure Centre, Kilkenny Golf Club, and Kilkenny Rail and Bus Depot are all easily accessible. Additionally, the new city bus link and the JJ Kavanagh Dublin service are just a short stroll away, providing excellent connectivity.
Hillcroft's charm begins with its attractive exterior, shielded from the road by a large, mature hedgerow, offering both privacy and curb appeal. The front of the property provides ample space for private parking, and the low-maintenance design, coupled with large west-facing windows, allows natural light to flow generously throughout the home.
To one side of the property is a carport, cleverly designed to give easy access to a beautifully landscaped and private garden at the rear. The rear garden is truly a standout feature, boasting a tiered lawn with a pathway leading to a hidden gated garden, offering further potential for development. A detached office unit or storage area is also situated on the property, providing versatile space with various possibilities.
With its mature landscaped garden, stunning privacy, and exceptional sun exposure, Hillcroft offers an idyllic retreat in a prestigious location. Whether you're looking for a family home or an investment with future potential, Hillcroft deserves serious consideration.
Stepping into Hillcroft is a delightful experience, with every detail showcasing the luxury and meticulous maintenance of this exceptional home. The plush, ornate finishes throughout are a testament to the high standards of its construction and the care it has received over the years.
Upon entering, the bespoke teak staircase immediately catches your eye, leading gracefully to the first floor, where three of the five bedrooms are located, one currently serving as a dedicated dressing room.
To your right, one of the home's multiple living areas invites you in. This space exudes elegance, featuring plush carpeting, ornate ceilings, integrated display units, and a striking "wall of windows" that floods the room with natural light. An antique fireplace enhances the room's ambiance, making it a welcoming space for both family gatherings and guest entertainment. The living room flows seamlessly into a sophisticated dining area, which boasts a large bay window, ornate ceilings, and polished timber floors, perfect for hosting dinners and celebrations.
To the rear of the house, the kitchen and attached sunroom overlook the beautifully landscaped garden. Handcrafted kitchen units, impeccably maintained, complement the quality timber floors that extend through the kitchen and dining area. The sunroom, with its polished porcelain floor and feature roof, is a serene space for relaxation. French doors open onto a patio, leading to the private rear garden, offering a tranquil outdoor escape.
A wide central hall allows easy access throughout the ground floor. Another notable space is the second living room, or snug, which is a cozy retreat with ornate ceilings, a solid timber floor, an oversized window, and a solid fuel stove framed by an ornate marble surround. This inviting space is ideal for relaxation and enjoyment.
Also on the ground floor are two immaculate bedrooms, both impeccably maintained and sharing a modern shower room. One of the bedrooms is currently used as a home office, offering versatility. The ground floor is completed by a beautifully tiled bathroom and a visitor's WC, both finished to an excellent standard.
Hillcroft offers the ultimate luxury living experience, with every aspect of the home thoughtfully designed and immaculately maintained. The ground floor bathroom and visitor's WC are fully tiled from floor to ceiling, finished to an impeccable standard, reflecting the home's attention to detail.
Ascending the bespoke teak staircase to the first floor continues the experience of grandeur. The first-floor features three spacious rooms, with one currently serving as a purpose-built dressing room. Thoughtfully designed with custom storage units and tailored lighting, the dressing room enhances the experience of preparing for the day in style and comfort.


The master bedroom is a sanctuary of luxury, featuring an abundance of storage space and a stunning en suite bathroom, finished to showroom-level quality. The remaining two bedrooms upstairs are equally impressive—substantial in size, pristinely maintained, and professionally decorated with high-quality flooring throughout. Each room provides ample storage, ensuring that the home is as functional as it is beautiful.
Hillcroft offers an impressive amount of storage throughout the home, adding to the ease and enjoyment of living here. Outside, the private garden is the perfect family retreat, complete with secure access from the side of the house. The outdoor area includes practical storage sheds and offers plenty of space for family activities and gatherings.
Hillcroft is a rare gem in one of Kilkenny's most prestigious locations. Private viewings can be arranged by contacting Fran. This is an opportunity not to be missed.

ALL OUR CLIENTS ARE VETTED BEFORE VIEWING YOUR HOME. 
WE DO NOT FACILITATE OPEN VIEWINGS. 
These particulars are issued strictly on the understanding that they do not form part of any contract and are provided, without liability, as a general guide only to what is being offered subject to contract and availability. They are not to be constructed as containing any representation of fact upon which any interested party is entitled to rely. Any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection or otherwise as to the accuracy of these particulars. The vendor does not make, give or imply nor is Fran Grincell or its staff authorized to make, give or imply any representation or warranty whatsoever in respect of this property. No responsibility can be accepted for any expenses incurred by intending purchasers in inspecting properties that have been sold, let, or withdrawn. Fran Grincell Properties are advertising this property with the instruction the property certificates and title documents are correct. 

*THINKING OF SELLING EMAIL OR CALL FOR SALES ADVICE PACK*
Features: Virtual TourHillcroft, Greens Hill, Kilkenny, Co. Kilkenny, R95YR6E€795,0005 Bed2 Bath195 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.664344,-7.253234
------------------------------
Address: Daphne KayeDaphne Kaye & AssociatesMaytree, Bray Road, Enniskerry, Co. Wicklow, A98V072€975,0004 Bed3 Bath227 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-maytree-bray-road-enniskerry-co-wicklow/5865554
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:227 m²Situated in the heart of Enniskerry within a leisurely stroll of the village stands this ultra-modern detached 4 Bedroom residence in a tranquil sylvan environs on grounds of c.1.80 acres comprising leisure gardens of c.0.6 acre and c.1.02 of delightful woodlands. ‘Maytree’ is an imposing contemporary award-winning residence of style and distinction designed by Odos Architects. Cleverly designed to maximise the use of natural light afforded by the all day sunny orientation and to offer expansive views over the gardens this architectural gem extends to c. 227 sq m (2,443 sq ft ). The open plan layout with feature high ceilings is enhanced by the use of floor to ceiling plate glass picture windows adding a further dimension to the spacious and well proportioned accommodation. Presented in excellent walk-in condition, the property enjoys a high quality specification boasting many stylish and state of the art features. ‘Maytree’ is approached via automated timber gates to gardens enjoying a southwest orientation and a private aspect. 
Enniskerry is a charming and picturesque village with an array of independent boutiques, cafes, restaurants and hotels, including Avoca Handweavers Store and The 5 Star Powerscourt Hotel, Powerscourt Estate with its famous gardens and the renowned five-star Powerscourt Hotel along with the renowned Golf club and its two championship courses, and a host of sporting and recreational facilities such as Horse Riding, Soccer, GAA and scenic walks in the surrounding countryside. This prime Enniskerry location benefits from excellent transport links including the local bus service (44), the N11, M50, the LUAS (Cherrywood) and DART (Bray) allowing easy access to Dublin City centre. There are several premier primary and secondary schools within close proximity including Powerscourt National School, St. Gerards and St. Mary’s.  

SPECIAL FEATURES
Generously proportioned accommodation of c. 227 sq m in a contemporary ultra-modern design.
Natural light filled interiors with feature high ceilings
Feature full length floor to ceiling plate glass windows overlooking the gardens
Quality wide plank engineered Terra Mater Oak flooring
Underfloor heating to Calor Gas central heating
Private well water
Recessed lights
Bathrooms and Kitchen tastefully appointed to a high specification
CCTV coverage and sophisticated alarm system and Security Alarm
Southwest facing balcony with views over the gardens
Grounds of c.1.80 acres comprising leisure gardens of c.0.06 acre. The balance is set in woodlands with a feature treetop timber staircase meandering through the embankment leading to delightful views over the countryside.
Tranquil sylvan setting with a southwest orientation and private aspect.

ACCOMMODATION

HALL LEVEL
Spacious Entrance Hall

Living/Dining room
6.1 x 4.6m/7.2m x 4.8m
This impressive area has an enviable dual aspect with a floor to ceiling glazed wall. Feature Barbas cassette style log effect fire, engineered wide plank Terra Mater Oak floor. Sliding glazed door to generous southwest facing Balcony overlooking the gardens.

Open plan to Kitchen with concealed Pantry
4.3 x 2.5m   &  4.2 x 1.5m
Extensive units and illuminated polished concrete work top areas. Quality appliances include integrated dishwasher, 6 ring gas hob, stainless steel extractor and built-in oven and integrated fridge/freezer. Stainless steel double sink. Extensive breakfast bar with stone work top superbly fitted with excellent storage.

Master Bedroom 1
4.7m x 4.9m 	With double fitted wardrobes. Picture window overlooking the gardens.

Shower room En Suite
4m x 2.3m	White contemporary suite comprising double walk-in “Rainhead” tiled shower, w.h.b. with vanity unit, heated towel rail, w.c. and large wall mirror.

Bedroom 2
4.1m x 3.5m	  With double built-in wardrobes. Picture window overlooking the gardens.

Bedroom 3
4.1 x 3.4m	 With double built-in wardrobes

Bedroom 4/ Office
3.1 x 3m	 Attractive dual aspect.


Family Bathroom
2.7m x 2.1m		 White contemporary suite comprising bath with tiled surround, shower attachment, w.c., w.h.b., mirror door medicine cabinet, large wall mirror and heated towel rail.

GARDEN LEVEL

Family/Entertainment/Media room
5.3m x 4.9m	 	With floor to ceiling glazed wall and sliding door.

Guest Cloakroom incorporating white contemporary suite of w.c. and w.h.b.

Comms Room

Utility room
3m x 3m	 Fitted with extensive units and work top areas with sink. Plumbed for washing machine and dryer.
Walk-in Hot Press 	With insulated cylinder

OUTSIDE
Set behind mature planting with extensive road frontage, ‘Maytree’ is approached via electronic security gates and the driveway leads to a large carport 9.3m x 5.1m. This tranquil and wonderful sylvan setting of c.1.80 acre enjoys an all day sunny southwest orientation. There are leisure gardens set in lawn, raised granite fronted beds and an array of specimen mature trees. The Treetop Walk through the embankment of the delightful woodland landscape is via an impressive timber staircase affording delightful views. There is extensive external lighting with motion activation.
The generous Balcony extends to 6.10m x 2.62m overlooking the gardens with a sunny southwest orientation.
Features: VideoMaytree, Bray Road, Enniskerry, Co. Wicklow, A98V072€975,0004 Bed3 Bath227 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.191334,-6.158652
------------------------------
Address: Ciaran CassidyMullery O'Gara Estate Agents Ranelagh3 Leeson Park Avenue, Ranelagh, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, D06PD74€1,250,0002 Bed1 Bath124 m²TerraceOpen from Oct 19thViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-3-leeson-park-avenue-ranelagh-ranelagh-dublin-6/5868492
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:124 m²A very fine villa style part redbrick period residence located in this quiet cul-de-sac off Appian way a short walk to Fitzwilliam Lawn Tennis Club and Ranelagh Village. Internally, the property enjoys deceptively spacious and well-proportioned accommodation and boasts a 45m (150ft) sunny south west facing rear garden offering further scope and potential. 

At hall floor level, there is a bright welcoming reception hall with oak timber flooring, attractive fan light, ornate ceiling coving and centre rose. A large living room, to the front, has ornate timber fire surround with cast iron inset, brass hood and slate hearth, also with high ceilings, coving, centre rose and sash window with window shutters. Double doors open into the Kitchen/Dining room (spanning the width of the house) to the rear, with views over the grounds of the Royal Hospital, Donnybrook. The Kitchen is well equipped with cream bespoke solid wall and floor units, Belfast sink unit, black granite worktops, many integrated appliances and breakfast bar. There are oak timber floors, recessed downlighting and a stain glass roof window adding extra light. 

A very fine staircase leads down to the garden level with hall, off which there are two double bedrooms (one ensuite – jack & jill) plus a study or three bedrooms if one prefers. There is a walking wardrobe/dressing room with utility cupboard and access to the garden is via the sitting room/third bedroom. 

Outside, the front there is a low maintenance railed garden with box hedging and a set of granite steps to the front door. To the rear, there is a sunny south west facing 45m (105ft) long rear garden mainly in lawn with large patio area, mature tress (including a weeping willow tree), hedging and flower beds, backing onto the grounds of the Royal Hospital in Donnybrook. 

Leeson Park Avenue is a highly regarded much sought after quiet residential road off Appian Way, a short stroll from Ranelagh village with an excellent choice of specialist shops, renowned restaurants, public houses, and within walking distance of St. Stephens Green and the city centre. The Luas at Ranelagh and Charlemont are within a short walk providing ease of access to the city centre and south to Dundrum Town Centre and beyond. 

Ranelagh is without a doubt one of the most popular and sought after residential suburbs in Dublin with Donnybrook village also a short walk away. Some of Dublin’s most sought after primary and secondary schools are in the vicinity including: St. Mary’s National School; Scoil Bhride; Ranelagh Multi-Denominational School; Gaelscoil Lios Na nÓg; Gonzaga College; Muckross Park and Sandford Park. UCD Bellfield and Trinity College Dublin are within easy access.
Features: Virtual Tour3 Leeson Park Avenue, Ranelagh, Ranelagh, Dublin 6, D06PD74€1,250,0002 Bed1 Bath124 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.326741,-6.248133
------------------------------
Address: David Cusack PSRA No: 003455-006008Brophy CusackDrishogue, Clerihan, Newchapel, Co. Tipperary, E91X027€400,0005 Bed3 Bath2080 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-drishogue-clerihan-newchapel-co-tipperary/5875188
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:2080 m²Fantastic Opportunity to purchase a spacious dormer-style residence set on a generous 0.6-acre site. This turnkey property features oil-fired central heating, PVC double-glazed windows, a tarmac driveway, manicured lawns, a mature garden, large garage & an impressive B3 energy rating.

Ground Floor: The entrance hall leads to a bright sitting room, kitchen/diner, sunroom, utility room, WC, and two generously-sized bedrooms.
First Floor: Offers three well-proportioned bedrooms, including one with an en-suite, and a main family bathroom.

This property is ideally located just off the N24, only 5 km from Clonmel and 10 km from the picturesque town of Cahir. Nearby amenities include Clerihan Village, The Barn Lodge Restaurant & Bar, Poppyfields Shopping Centre, The Park Hotel & Leisure Centre, Rockwell College, and the renowned Cashel Palace Hotel.

For further information or to arrange a viewing, please contact Sole Selling Agents Brophy Cusack at 051 511333.
Features: Drishogue, Clerihan, Newchapel, Co. Tipperary, E91X027€400,0005 Bed3 Bath2080 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.388977,-7.774627
------------------------------
Address: James HeaslipDNG Maxwell Heaslip & LeonardDerrigimlagh, Ballyconneely, Co. Galway, H71FP27€750,0003 Bed4 Bath250 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-derrigimlagh-ballyconneely-co-galway/5836994
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:250 m²****VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE*****


DNG Maxwell Heaslip & Leonard are delighted to offer for sale one of the most impressive, detached properties to come to the Ballyconneely market in recent years. Set in the hugely sought after location of Derrigimlagh on the rugged Atlantic Coastline, this area has long been considered the West of Irelands most popular holiday home destination, with its fabulous nearby-beaches and the internationally acclaimed Connemara Golf Links course just ten minutes away.  

Built in 2004, this wonderfully designed residence sits on a site of approximately 0.5 acres with mature gardens and offers the most impressive aspect with stunning views of the Connemara counrtyside. Comprising almost c.250m2 of well-proportioned living space, the house is superbly designed with every effort taken to ensure the light and space are utilised in the best possible way. Finished to the highest standards with extensive tiling, maple wood floors, a bespoke fitted kitchen, designer soft furnishings throughout and three separate living areas. 

Ready for immediate occupation and in absolute turnkey condition, the flow of the house is exceptional with the living areas all off the central focal point, that is the kitchen/dining area. An ideal space for family gatherings with plenty of space for visitors, the three ensuite bedrooms are all generously proportioned and the first-floor conservatory, which is a perfect area to relax and unwind, offers panoramic views over Mannin Bay and the surrounding coastline. The adjacent garage offers essential storage space for the outdoor furniture, bikes and water sports equipment. 

The property is just a short walk to Ballyconneely Village and the gorgeous Sands Hotel is right next door. Roundstone is just a 15 minute drive away, as is Clifden, which has all amenities readily available. Opportunities to acquire such a splendid home rarely arise in the locality - Immediate viewing of this outstanding residence is highly recommended to fully appreciate its uniqueness in a beautiful location that has so much to offer.

- Comprising c.250m2 of living space.
- In walk-in condition.
- Built in 2004 
- C2 BER rating. 
- Oil fired central heating system
- Double-glazed windows
- Open-plan living & reception area
- Scenic views over Mannin Bay
- Adjacent garage space (25sq.mtrs)
- Ideal holiday home. 
- 15 minutes from Clifden Town
- Beaches nearby.
- Next door to Sands Hotel & Resort. 


DNG Maxwell Heaslip & Leonard for themselves and for the vendors or lessors of the property whose Agents they are, give notice that: (i) The particulars are set out as a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers or lessees, and do not constitute part of, an offer or contract. (ii) Any intending purchasers or tenants must not rely the descriptions, dimensions, references to condition or necessary permissions for use and occupation as statements or representations of fact but must satisfy themselves by inspection or otherwise as to the correctness of each of them. (iii) No person in the employment of DNG Maxwell Heaslip & Leonard has any authority to make or give representation or warranty whatever in relation to this development. DNG Maxwell Heaslip &Leonard accept no liability (including liability to any prospective purchaser or lessee by reason of negligence or negligent misstatement) for loss or damage caused by any statements, opinions, information or other matters (expressed or implied) arising out of, contained in or derived from, or for any omissions from this brochure.


Entrance Hall 7.5m x 2.4m. Terracotta tiled floors. Vaulted ceiling with sky light. Wood panel walls with feature bespoke staircase. Hotpress off hallway.

Living Room 6.0m x 4.0m. Open plan living area with solid maple floors. Feature cast iron wood burning fireplace with granite hearth. Coving with recessed downlighting. Venetian blinds. TV Point

Kitchen/Dining area 6.0m x 3.8m. Terracotta tiled floors. Sliding doors to rear garden area. Bespoke fully fitted kitchen with integrated oven, hob, extractor, fridge, microwave and dishwasher. Mosiac tiled surrounds. Centre island. Recessed surround lighting. Venetian blinds and curtains.

Sunlounge 3.6m x 2.95. Maple floors. Vaulted raised ceiling. Timber venetian blinds.

Utility Room 3.3m x 2.8m. Tiled floors and surronds. Fitted units with sink. Rear access door. Plumbed for Washing machine and dryer.

Guest WC 2.8m x 1.7m. Terracotta tiled floors. Wood panel walls.

Ground floor Bedroom One 5.3m x 4.4m. Carpeted, Curtains with venetian blinds. Coving.

En-suite 2.7m x 2.7m. Tilked floors. Stand alone shower. Separate bath. Wood paneled walls.

Bedroom two (first floor twin) 6.3m x 5.8m. Carpeted. Timber blinds with curtains. Venetian blinds with curtains.

En-suite 2.45m x 2.1. Tiled floors and surrounds. Stand alone shower. Heated towel rail.

Bedroom three (main double) 6.3m x- 5.4m. Carpeted. Timber blinds with curtains. Venetian blinds with curtains.

En-suite 2.45m 2.1m. Tiled floors and surrounds. Stand alone shower. Heated towel rail.

First floor sky lounge 5.2m x 3.7m. Double doors to landing. Engineered floors. Electric fire place.TV point. Floor to ceiling panoramic windows with spectacular views. Draw blinds Recessed lighting.

Garage  Adjacent to house - 25sq.mtrs
Features: Virtual TourDerrigimlagh, Ballyconneely, Co. Galway, H71FP27€750,0003 Bed4 Bath250 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.436991,-10.076635
------------------------------
Address: Richard McDonnellMcDonnell PropertiesThe Farmhouse, Ballinteskin, Wicklow Town, Co. Wicklow, A67NW50€725,0004 Bed3 Bath171 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-the-farmhouse-ballinteskin-wicklow-town-co-wicklow/5681137
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:171 m²McDonnell Properties proudly present The Farmhouse, a delightful residence nestled on approximately 2.75 acres of serene countryside. Originally constructed around the 1940s and expanded in 2006, this charming two-story home spans approximately 1850 square feet, offering ample space for comfortable family living.

As you step into the property, you are greeted by an inviting entrance hall leading to a large downstairs bedroom, a convenient W.C , and the front living room. The front room exudes warmth and coziness, featuring double doors that open into a spacious open-plan kitchen and living area. The kitchen boasts a stylish island and a multi-fuel stove, perfect for both culinary endeavors and relaxation. Through the kitchen, you'll find access to a sunny decked area, ideal for outdoor dining or simply soaking in the picturesque surroundings.
Upstairs, the master bedroom awaits, complete with an ensuite bathroom and an extensive walk-in wardrobe for added convenience. Two additional bedrooms provide ample space for family members or guests, while a part-tiled family bathroom with a power shower ensures comfort and functionality.

The property also includes three secure purpose-built outbuilding with power and water. Previously used as an office space and currently used as a gym/ storage area the out buildings are highly versatile and offer potential for many uses. To the front of the property is a smaller shed curently used as a storage space and laundry area.

Outside, wooden gates welcome you into the blissful country setting, where a large 2.75 acre front garden adorned with mature trees and stud & rail fencing offers a tranquil retreat. The large space oozes potential for animal lovers with ample space for stables or pens or if you're a gardening fan there is no shortage of space for vegetable patches and flower beds. A gated and fenced yard to the side provides additional security and privacy, while a playground area with swings and a slide promises endless enjoyment for children.
The location of The Farmhouse strikes the perfect balance between rural serenity and accessibility. Situated on a quiet country road with expansive views of the surrounding countryside, the property is only a 5-minute drive from the sandy beaches of Brittas Bay, and the world renowned golf courses, The European Club and Blainroe Golf Club. This property offers the ideal blend of coastal charm and countryside allure. With easy access to the N11 Motorway, Dublin is just an hour away, while Wicklow Town, with its array of amenities such as schools, shops, pubs and restaurants, is a mere 5 km distance. 

The Farmhouse presents a rare opportunity to embrace the tranquillity of country living without sacrificing convenience. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate all that this exceptional property has to offer. Contact McDonnell Properties today to arrange your viewing and take the first step towards making The Farmhouse your new home



 Outbuilding: (2.6m x 2.8m) Office: (5.2m x 2.7m) Outbuilding: (2.5m x 2.5m) Boiler House: (1.8m x 2m)
Features: The Farmhouse, Ballinteskin, Wicklow Town, Co. Wicklow, A67NW50€725,0004 Bed3 Bath171 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.94768,-6.068648
------------------------------
Address: Ross KavanaghWyse ResidentialApartment 42, Block A, The Bottle Works, Irishtown, Dublin 4, D04V089€460,0002 Bed2 Bath68 m²ApartmentViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-apartment-42-block-a-the-bottle-works-irishtown-dublin-4/5873400
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:68 m²Wyse Residential welcomes you to The Bottle Works, a modern apartment development located on Dermot O'Hurley Avenue just off Fitzwilliam Quay in Irishtown. Built by McInerney Homes in 2006, this top floor apartment comes with a large balcony/terrace and secure underground parking.

Number 42's accommodation includes an entrance hallway with storage space, an open plan living/dining/kitchen space with dual aspect and panoramic views. There are two bedrooms, an ensuite bathroom and a main bathroom. The apartment also has a large balcony/terrace accessed from the living room.

Irishtown and Ringsend have enjoyed a surge in popularity in recent years due close proximity to significant multinational businesses including Google and Facebook. The Bottle Works is surrounded by several amenities including sports clubs, local shops, parks and Dublin Bay. The Bord Gais Theatre, the Aviva Stadium, award winning restaurants and Grand Canal Dock DART station are also a short walk away.

This wonderful roof top apartment enjoys spectacular views and should be viewed to be fully appreciated.

**Please note this property was previously rented at €2,345.00, the rent was last reviewed Sept 2023.

Entrance Hallway
With storage closet

Living/dining room 5.79m x 3.8m
Large bright dual aspect space with scenic views

Kitchen 2.72m x 2.6m
Contemporary kitchen cabinets with all mod cons

Bedroom 1 4.05m x 2.43m
Double bedroom with built in wardrobes

Ensuite
W.C., W.H.B and shower cubical 

Bedroom 2 2.95m x 2.42m
Double bedroom with built in wardrobes

Bathroom 2.84m x 1.8m
Three piece white suite

Balcony
Large terrace with spectacular views
Features: Apartment 42, Block A, The Bottle Works, Irishtown, Dublin 4, D04V089€460,0002 Bed2 Bath68 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.340362,-6.225602
------------------------------
Address: Dermot GrimesGrimes12 Abington, Malahide, K36NT72AMV: €1,550,0004 Bed4 Bath336 m²DetachedAuctionADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-12-abington-malahide-co-dublin/5872411
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Public AuctionOverall Floor Area:336 m²Auction Date & Time:Fri, Oct 25th at 1:00 PMNo 12 Abington is a substantial 4 bedroom detached family home located in this most 
prestigious and exclusive development. Built in 2004 measuring 366 sq m. The ground floor 
has a large livingroom with fireplace, orangery, kitchen/dining/livingroom, guest WC, utility 
room and 2nd reception room. On the first floor there are 4 bedrooms with 2 en suite and 
the 2nd floor/attic conversion has 2 large rooms which are currently used as bedrooms with a
shared en-suite. The private grounds include a double garage which has been converted 
into a games room complete with bar and WC. The property is accessed via electric gates. 
Abington is a luxury development of 50 prestigious houses set on c.43 acres. 
The property is located close to the popular and picturesque seaside village of Malahide 
with its picturesque Yacht Club, Marina and Estuary. Also just a stones throw from Malahide 
Castle Demense. Malahide offers a host of amenities including fashionable boutiques, 
shops, fine dining and cafes. For the sports enthusiasts there are excellent sporting facilities 
available including golf, rugby, sailing soccer, GAA, gyms and tennis. 
Surrounded by mature hedging and trees, No12 offers excellent privacy with an East facing 
rear garden. 
There is also excellent connectivity to Dublin Airport, M50, bus and rail services. 


ACCOMMODATION
Ground Floor 
Entrance Foyer:3.52 x 2.15 
With tiled floor and double cloakroom area either side of the door.

Entrance Hallway: 6.12 x 3.79 
Bright spacious entrance hall with triple height ceiling, sweeping feature 
staircase to first and second floor. 

Family Room:7.57 x 4.66 
Dual aspect reception room with beautiful features including herringbone 
flooring, wall panelling, coving and feature gas fireplace. 2 sets of double 
french doors with feautre fanlights lead to the orangie. 

Orangerie: 5.79 x 3.67 
Full height orangerie with tiled floor and apex ceiling enjoying West, North 
and East aspect, double doors to the garden. 

Kitchen 4.58 x 3.71 / Dining 3.71 x 3.72/ Living 8.30 3.75 
Kitchen: to the rear of the property, fitted kitchen with 2 windows 
overlooking the rear garden. 
Dining Area: with apex ceiling, fitted units and french doors to the rear 
patio. Door to utility room. 
Living area: to the front of the property with feature sash windows and 
wood burning stove. Tiled floor throughout. 

Laundry Room: 4.15 x 1.90 
Built in storage with sink, plumbed for washing machine and dryer, 
windows on 2 sides. 

Playroom/Office: 4.94 x 3.78 
Suitable as a playroom, study, additional reception room or diningroom. 
Tiled floor and french doors lead to the rear garden, circular roof light.
First Floor 
Bedroom 1:4.68 x 4.67 
Double bedroom with walk in wardrobe (2.65 x 2.79) and en suite. 

En-Suite: 2.81 x 2.78 
With WC, shower and separate bath. 

Bedroom 2: 4.92 x 4.27 
Double bedroom with access to shared en-suite 

Bedroom 3:3.79 x 3.20 
Double bedroom with access to shared ensuite, fitted wardrobes.

Bedroom 4: 3.52 x 2.79 
With wooden floor, built in storage and desk 

Second Floor 
Landing With hotpress/electrical room. 

Converted room 1: 7.10 x 4.25 
Dual aspect bedroom with fitted wardrobe and built in desk area. Access 
to shared en-suite 

Converted room 2:7.10 x 4.16 
Dual aspect bedroom with fitted wardrobe and built in desk area. Access 
to shared en-suite. 

En-suite: 2.47 x 3.52 
With shower, WC & WHB and skylight.

Detached Garage/ Games room: 
Extensive games room with pitched roof, timber beams and skylights. 
Wooden floor, built in bar area with storage. 
Guest WC & WHB, wooden floor and skylight.
Features: 12 Abington, Malahide, K36NT72AMV: €1,550,0004 Bed4 Bath336 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.4451893,-6.1767756
------------------------------
Address: Claire GlynnProperty Partners Gill and GlynnGardenfield, H54A990€290,0003 Bed1 Bath84 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-gardenfield-tuam-co-galway/5848433
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:84 m²A Gardenfield residence surrounded by lush fields and breathtaking views, on a 0.5-acre site with c.47m road frontage, is a rare find in the idyllic and much sought after area. Offering the best of both worlds - just a stone's throw from all amenities and easy commute to Galway city. The sense of well-being in this location cannot be described in words. 

Offered for sale by Private Treaty with sole selling agents Property Partners Gill & Glynn, this delightful three-bedroom bungalow extends to approx. 85.7 sq. m. (922 ft. sq.) comes with a large outbuilding and sits on 0.5 acre.

Renovated in 2023 to a high standard, boasting new bathroom suite, newly fitted kitchen, and double-glazed uPVC windows and doors as well high ceilings throwing daylight into the spacious interior. 

In walk-in condition, this home was owned by one family since 1969 who also own the surrounding fields. There is an option to potentially acquire additional lands adjoining the subject property as part of this sale if you wish.


Heating: A new A' rated central heating boiler effectively heats the radiators in every room. You could also have the option to install a stove or fireplace which were recently removed.
 
Externally, there are well maintained lawns with laurels and hedges, block walls on three sides and timber fence to rear. See aerial photo / map with red outline which highlights the full 0.5 acres being offered for sale. 

The site provides ample area for a sizeable extension (subject to planning permission). Currently 40 sq.m could be added to the rear without planning permission. Due to very restricted building regulations on new house building this is a great prospect in Gardenfield. This property will attract an array of purchasers - from individuals to families. 

You can begin to write your wish list here - why not plant a herb garden, new landscaping, gazebo, barbecue area, hobbies, children play area, goal posts, chicken coop, rabbit pen, home polytunnel and vegetable gardens or orchard - it's limitless. 

Access from the main road brings you to the rear of the house where the gravel driveway sweeps up to the back door providing space for at least two cars.

Outbuilding / Garage: Dry space with concrete floor - lots of potential uses- stables etc. 

Accommodation
Accommodation extends to approx. 85.7 sq. m.- 922ft. sq. in this picture perfect home with 3 double bedrooms, living room, kitchen/dining and bathroom. Neutral decor with fresh, bright colours gives you a blank canvas to create your own home. See floor plan attached for dimensions and illustration. 

Kitchen Dining
Contemporary shaker style (Cashmere) painted wood kitchen installed last year maximising space and storage. Large white marble effect tiles. Dishwasher and washing machine plumbed, new electrics with additional sockets, cooker point and extractor fan. 

Large hot press, airing cupboard with new cylinder plumbed, boost switches for immersion and timer for central heating. 

External doors - double glazed full length clear glazing throws light into this space bringing the garden in. Views from the kitchen window of beautiful garden greenery, ivy and trees. 

Walk in the front door to a light-filled entrance hall with dual aspect living room to the right - south-west orientation taking in sunlight all day long and sunset in the west. Concealed chimney for potential fireplace/ stove, built-in full height storage cupboard. Central light fitting and multiple new electric sockets including USB. 

Bedrooms are all doubles with built-in wardrobes, new electric sockets with usb. 
Master bedroom, dual aspect - two large windows with open views of green pastureland, bringing natural light into this comfortable space. 

Bathroom - fully renovation, replumbed (2023) addition of large glass shower with instant electric power shower, extractor fan; large modern tiling, new toilet and whb, accessories, large mirror and new radiator. 

Shed/Garage/Stables -
A path across the side lawns leads to the large outbuilding/ shed, a solid structure reroofed, clean and dry which is currently laid out in three sections, with three separate external doors and two small windows, solid double steel doors. It could be used as stables or opened up for lots of other potential uses - domestic store/garage, hobby space, home workshop or garden room. 


Location 

Best of Both Worlds

A stones throw from Tuam town with access to all amenities. You can avoid traffic and access the house quickly from the town bypass, from the motorway, Ballygaddy road and Milltown road.

The approach road is tree lined and the historical Gardenfield House and estate is situated across the road, a former residence of benevolent landlord. Nearby Golden Mile walks and this road leads to a beautiful walking trail with no traffic passing through, a valuable natural amenity. 

Gardenfield has a rich history and an active community life.

The local primary school has an admirable track record. 

An active community creates a positive welcome and a feeling of belonging and this locality has it in abundance. The property reaps the rewards of country living while still having the hustle and bustle of Tuam town in close proximity.

Tuam Town offers a wealth of amenities, providing a wide selection of childcare facilities, primary and secondary schools, shops, cafes, restaurants, bars, leisure facilities, a wonderful public park. 
 
The M17 motorway has now made Tuam an easy commute to Galway, Ennis or Shannon. Regular daily bus services makes commuting hassle free.

Galway city is just over a half hour's drive away and this property is close to the county border with key Mayo towns Claremorris, Ballinrobe and Castlebar no distance by car. Knock airport to the north and Shannon airport (via motorway) are great transport hubs. 

This home is in a story book like setting with its tree lined roadway and rolling country views. It really must be viewed to be appreciated. 

An established property with land of this standard, located in Gardenfield is a rare find on the market and will appeal to a wide variety of home seekers.

Viewing
Property Partners Gill & Glynn strives to be ultra-flexible around property viewings.
For further information call (091) 884000 or call/text/WhatsApp Claire Glynn of Property Partners Gill & Glynn on 087 9655584. 

Note: Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only.
Accommodation

 Note: 
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only. Property Reference :RPRO1513
Features: VideoGardenfield, H54A990€290,0003 Bed1 Bath84 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.540699,-8.871709
------------------------------
Address: Susan TurleyTurley Property Advisors28 Gilford Road, Dublin 4, Sandymount, Dublin 4, D04YF77€3,600,0004 Bed4 Bath260 m²Semi-DADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-28-gilford-road-dublin-4-sandymount-co-dublin/5865510
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:260 m²Turley Property Advisors, along with joint agents Sherry FitzGerald, are delighted to present 
No. 28 Gilford Road to the market for sale. 

This uniquely elegant red brick semi-detached family home successfully combines original period details with a classic contemporary style, offering all the comforts and conveniences one could wish for. It is the perfect choice for those seeking a family residence of considerable character and charm. 

The gardens are an outstanding feature of this property. The front of the house is screened from the road by wrought iron electronic gates leading to extensive off-street parking. A wide gated side entrance leads to the impressive rear garden, one of the largest in Sandymount and beautifully landscaped with a large patio area ideal for ‘al fresco’ dining with an impressive, manicured lawn, bordered by box hedging, mature trees and plants. There is a red brick detached utility room with guest wc which could equally be converted to a home office.

Located on one of Dublin 4’s finest roads, this most attractive and beautifully refurbished period residence stands on impressive grounds. Just under half an acre and conveniently located a short stroll from Sandymount Village and Strand. 
The property benefits from one of Dublin’s most popular and convenient locations with an excellent choice of amenities within walking distance. Just some of the amenities include the excellent restaurants, shops, and boutiques the area has to offer, as well as easy to the Aviva stadium and Sandymount Dart Station. Many of the city’s principal schools and primary business centres i.e. the I.F.S.C. and South Docks I.T. hub, are located close by. The proximity from Dublin Airport is within 15-minute drive via the Port Tunnel.

Accommodation

Entrance Hall: entered via a timber hall door with leaded fanlight and side panels with polished Herringbone timber floor, ceiling cornice, dado rail, radiator cabinet, stained glass window, cloaks cupboard and double doors to:

Drawing Room: Beautifully proportioned reception room with bay window, marble fireplace with tiled inset, polished Herringbone timber floor, ceiling cornice, centre rose, picture rail, dado rail and radiator cabinet.

Sitting Room: with marble fireplace with tiled inset, polished Herringbone timber floor, ceiling cornice, centre rose, picture rail, dado rail and radiator cabinet. Double folding doors to:

Living / Dining Room: An absolutely stunning Hamptons Conservatory with polished Herringbone timber floor, radiator cabinets and decorative wall panelling. Double French doors to the garden and double doors to:

Kitchen: with a range of bespoke wall and floor cupboards including display cabinets, granite work surfaces, porcelain floor, Zanussi integrated dishwasher, integrated fridge, dual oven black AGA with matching module gas hob & electric over & grill, recessed lights, central island, and a large glass atrium ceiling. A door leads to the side patio which in turn leads to the utility room, guest wc and boiler house.

Utility Room: large utility room with tiled floor, recessed lights, floor level cupboards, stainless steel sink unit and plumbing for washing machine. Door to:
Guest WC: with subway wall tiles, tiled floor, wc, wash hand basin and recessed lights.

FIRST FLOOR RETURN

Bathroom: luxuriously appointed bathroom with half wall tiling, tiled floor, shower with rainwater shower head, Cesame wash hand basin console with columns, wc, heated towel rail, recessed lights and steps up to an attractive cast iron 'claw foot' bath.

FIRST FLOOR

Bedroom 1: large double room with extensive fitted wardrobes, ceiling cornice, centre rose, picture rail, dado rail, cast iron fireplace, recessed lights, and door to:

Ensuite: with half wall tiling, tiled floor, shower with rainwater shower head, wash hand basin, wc, heated towel rail, ceiling cornice and recessed lights.

Bedroom 2: double room with cast iron fireplace, ceiling cornice, recessed lights, and extensive built-in wardrobes.

TOP FLOOR RETURN

Shower Room: with half tiling, tiled floor, shower cubicle, wc, Cesame wash hand basin and recessed lights.

TOP FLOOR

Bedroom 3: large double room to the front with cast iron fireplace, fitted wardrobes and recessed lights.

Bedroom 4: double room with cast iron fireplace, recessed lights and fitted wardrobes. Lovely outlook over the rear garden.
Features: 28 Gilford Road, Dublin 4, Sandymount, Dublin 4, D04YF77€3,600,0004 Bed4 Bath260 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.329097,-6.212321
------------------------------
Address: David Higgins MIPAVSmart Property6 The Lawns, Temple Manor, Celbridge, Celbridge, Co. Kildare, W23AE27€760,0005 Bed3 Bath200 m²DetachedOpen from Oct 19thSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-6-the-lawns-temple-manor-celbridge-celbridge-co-kildare/5870596
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:200 m²SMART Property are delighted to present to the open market, No. 6 The Lawns an elegant detached 5 bedroom family residence situated within a quiet cul de sac of the mature prestigious residential development on Temple Manor, just a stroll from the centre of Celbridge.. The Lawns and Temple Manor was built to the highest standard in circa 1998, this truly unique property is not to be missed.

Arriving at No. 6 viewers will appreciate the overall size of this property, sitting on an approx. 0.11 acre site, while being nestled away within a quite cul de sac of The Lawns estate. The front exterior of the property viewers will be impressed by the two large bay windows with colonial style window grids adding that little bit of a rustic edge to the property. The mixed red brick really adds to the true warmth of this spacious property. Featuring a cobbled double front driveaway this property from the exterior design alone will surely interest several potential buyers. 

Upon entering viewers are instantly greeted by a large well decorated hallway featuring a chequered black and white tile with Victorian style coving which is continued throughout the ground floor of the home. 

Continuing through the double doors to the left viewers will be drawn to the spacious living room with open fireplace and hard wood mantlepiece. The large bay window allows for an abundance of natural light to flood through this room and with the double door access to the dining room with both doors open this room alone feels bright and airy due to the design and layout of the windows. The living room also features hard wood flooring which continue throughout the living and dining room. The dining room features a core grey tone which is continued throughout the home, the dining room also allows access to the rear garden area.  

The property also features a second living area positioned to front right of the property, this room also features an old coal burner fireplace and another bay window and hard wood flooring and with the neutral colour scheme it is perfect for any potential purchaser to add their own design. 

The kitchen is positioned to the rear of the property allowing access to the garden area through the double sliding doors. The kitchen cabinetry is done in a hard wood style with ample white laminate counter space and integrated appliances. The cabinetry features wood etchings which truly shows the small details in this property. The kitchen also features a large window which fills the kitchen area with abundant natural light. Just off the kitchen is a utility area which has both a washer and dryer or simply could be used for a walk in pantry. 

The spacious west facing garden features a concrete patio continuing to the rear of the garden with a large grass area perfect for all your outdoor spring/summer needs. 

Continuing to the first floor of the property viewers will appreciate the large landing space which is decorated in grey carpeting and grey colour scheme on the walls. The skylight allows for natural light to flow through this open space. 

The master bedroom is a bright and spacious room with a well decorated colour scheme. The master also features a walk-in wardrobe with ample storage space. The ensuite has grey laminate flooring and a walk-in shower suite. The property features a further four double bedrooms all with in-built wardrobes and large windows allowing natural light through each room. The main bathroom features grey laminate flooring and a grey colour scheme on the walls, the bathroom has a walk-in shower and bath suite. 

No. 6 and The Lawns estate located in Kildare just off the Newtown Road. The Lawns is within a stone’s throw from an abundance of local amenities including shopping centres, recreations parks and transport links.  Some of the amenities include Kildare Village located within a 35min drive from the property, The Upper River Liffey Walk located within walking distance from the property where you can take part in water sports such as canoeing. Celbridge village is located less than a 5-minute drive away from the property boasting coffee shops, bars, community centres and many more local amenities. 

The area is hugely popular with commuters due to the easy access to public transport. The 120 and 120B bus can take you to Dublin and leaves you within Dublin’s City Centre. The L59 bus takes you to Hazelhatch Station where you can get a train to Connolly Station located in Dublin City Centre. 

If the photographs are anything to go by, this will be a property of interest to many and therefore early viewing would be highly recommended to appreciate the potential of this wonderful property. Please feel free to contact the SMART office today to arrange your viewing.


ACCOMMODATION 

Ground Floor

Entrance Hallway L: 5.7m x W: 2.0m
Kitchen L: 5.7m x W: 5.2m
Utility L: 2.0m x W: 1.8m
Dining L: 4.0m x W: 3.9m
Lounge L: 5.8m x W: 4.0m
Family Room L: 4.5m x W: 3.7m
Guest WC L: 1.4m x W: 1.0m

First Floor

Landing L: 4.5m x W: 3.1m
Bathroom L: 2.4m x W: 2.3m
Master Bedroom L: 4.4m x W: 3.6m
Ensuite L: 2.8m x W: 1.7m
Bedroom Two L: 3.8m x W: 3.3m
Bedroom Three L: 3.9m x W: 3.1m
Bedroom Four L: 4.7m x W: 2.8m
Bedroom Five L: 3.1m x W: 3.0m
Attic Space – Through Stira Stairs.

Overall: approx. 200 sq.m
Features: 6 The Lawns, Temple Manor, Celbridge, Celbridge, Co. Kildare, W23AE27€760,0005 Bed3 Bath200 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.330048,-6.547619
------------------------------
Address: Wade Wise ASCSIBeirne & Wise Estate Agents44 Grove Avenue, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94E300€995,0004 Bed2 Bath156 m²Semi-DOpen from Oct 19thADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-44-grove-avenue-blackrock-co-dublin/5871473
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:156 m²Nestled in the sought-after Grove Avenue in Blackrock, this charming semi-detached house offers a perfect blend of space and comfort. Boasting three reception rooms and four generously sized bedrooms, this property provides ample room for a growing family.

The property, built in the 1960s and spanning 156sq.m/1,680sq.ft. approximately (including the garage/utility) comprises of a porch leading to the entrance hall, double reception room, T.V./sitting room, kitchen/breakfast room, guest W.C. and sun room.  Upstairs, there are four bedrooms with the main ensuite and a family bathroom.   There is access from one of the bedrooms to the large balcony which enjoys a pleasant aspect over the leafy surrounds.

This family house has been lovingly maintained, showcasing a well-kept interior that is ready to welcome its new owners. The large mature gardens not only enhance the property's appeal but also presents an exciting opportunity for further extension if required, allowing you to tailor the space to your needs.

Grove Avenue is close to a whole host of amenities at Blackrock village, Stillorgan and Mount Merrion with a wide array of shops, cafes and restaurants.  The upgraded Frascati and Blackrock shopping centres along with Stillorgan shopping centre provide excellent choice in neighbourhood shopping. There are many local parks within the vicinity including Blackrock Park, Deer Park, Carysfort Park as well as pleasant walks along the coast. This property is within walking distance of Carysfort and Oatlands Primary School and is also convenient to Willow Park, Blackrock College, St Andrews and Sion Hill Schools. 

ACCOMMODATION

PORCH
With sliding door to: 

HALL
Stairs to first floor with storage cupboard under. Tiled floor.

GUEST W.C.
W.C. and pedestal wash hand basin.

LIVING/DINING ROOM
5m(max) x 8.52m
Spacious double reception room. Feature fireplace with marble surround and tiled inset. Window to the front aspect. Sliding patio doors to the rear gardens.

T.V./FAMILY ROOM
2.60m x 4.15m
Window to the front aspect.

KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM
3.94m x 3m
The kitchen is fitted with a range of wall and floor presses with granite counter tops over. Stainless steel sink unit. Electric oven and gas hob with extractor fan over. Plumbing for dish washer. Tiled floor. Window to the rear aspect. 

SUN ROOM
2.55m x 3m
Windows overlooking the garden. Door to rear.

FIRST FLOOR LANDING
Hot press, window to side aspect. Access to attic. 

BEDROOM 1 
3.55m x 4.32m
Fitted wardrobes. Window to the front aspect.

ENSUITE
Tiled floor and walls. Shower cubicle with a Mira electric shower unit. Wash hand basin and W.C. 

BEDROOM 2
3.55m x 3.20m fitted wardrobes. Vanity wash hand basin. Window to the rear aspect. 

BEDROOM 3
2.74m x 3.05m Fitted wardrobe, door to:

BALCONY 
Large balcony with a southerly aspect

BEDROOM 4 
2.60m x 3.10m
Window to the front aspect.

FAMILY BATHROOM
Bath with shower, pedestal wash hand basin and W.C. Two windows to the rear aspect. 

OUTSIDE 
To the front is a driveway with ample off street parking leading to the garage.  Mature hedging to the boundaries. A side gate leads to the west facing rear garden, mainly laid in lawn and with a large variety of shrubs, trees and mature perimeter hedging.  Sun terrace idea for outside dining. 

GARAGE
2.52m x 5.30m
With power and lighting. Utility area with sink and plumbing for washing machine.  Gas boiler serving the heating system.
Features: Video44 Grove Avenue, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94E300€995,0004 Bed2 Bath156 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.291997,-6.191701
------------------------------
Address: Nicole Shanahan MIPAV, MMCEPIBarry Murphy Auctioneers Ltd PSR: 00110434 Pleasant Drive, Mount Pleasant, Waterford City, Co. Waterford, X91A3FH€370,0004 Bed1 Bath110 m²BungalowViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-34-pleasant-drive-mount-pleasant-waterford-city-co-waterford/5851719
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:110 m²Four bedroom detached bungalow conveniently situated in the popular residential area of Mount Pleasant which is within easy access of the Outer Ring Road, University Hospital Waterford, Ardkeen Stores Shopping Centre and a range of excellent schools including Ballygunner NS and the Gaelscoil. The property is just a 10 minute drive from Waterford city centre and is less than a 15 minute drive from Woodstown, Tramore and Dunmore East beaches.

Accommodation, circa 110sq m, comprises of entrance hallway, sitting room, kitchen/diner, four bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property benefits from PVC double glazed windows and oil fired central heating.There are spacious gardens to the front and rear.

Entrance Hall: 3.77m/4.7m x 1.81m. Lino floor. 1.04m x 5.8m. 
Sitting Room: 3.92m x 4.55m. Carpet, blinds, fireplace with electric fire. 
Kitchen/Diner: 3.6m x 5.63m. Tiled floor, fitted kitchen, door to rear garden. 
Bedroom 1: 3.32m x 4.12m. Carpet, blinds, fitted wardrobes. 
Bedroom 2: 3.02m x 3.15m. Carpet. 
Bedroom 3: 3.31m x 3.18m. Carpet, blinds, fitted wardrobes. 
Bedroom 4: 3.63m x 2.83m. Carpet. 
Shower Room:  2.05m x 2.07m. Fully tiled, WC, wash hand basin, electric shower.
Features: 34 Pleasant Drive, Mount Pleasant, Waterford City, Co. Waterford, X91A3FH€370,0004 Bed1 Bath110 m²Bungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.239971,-7.083174
------------------------------
Address: Dan Howard MIPAV TRV PSR 006328Dan Howard & Co. Ltd27 Hillview, Kilmoney, Carrigaline, Co. Cork, P43E449€585,0004 Bed5 Bath225 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-27-hillview-kilmoney-carrigaline-co-cork/5824987
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:225 m²27 Hillview, Kilmoney
Carrigaline, Co. Cork
P43E449

Dan Howard & Co. Ltd. Auctioneers are delighted to offer for sale 27 Hillview, a beautiful detached bungalow, located in a popular and convenient area in Carrigaline, within walking distance to the town centre, schools etc.
This property has been upgraded in recent years with a superb extensions, including a second living room, master suite with extensive walk-in robe and ensuite, all bedrooms are en-suite and 2 attic rooms. There is also a large garage to the side which also has conversion potential if required.
The main bathroom also has a bath along with a power shower.
To the front there is a spacious gravelled driveway and garden, at the rear there is a private garden with patio area.
If you are looking for a house that ticks a lot of boxes, then come to 27 Hillview, Kilmoney, Carrigaline. You wont be disappointed.

ACCOMMODATION:

Hallway:
Sitting Room: 5.2m x 3.3m
Kitchen/Dining Room: 7.5m x 3.4m
Living Room: 4.1m x 3.4m (off dining room)
Utility Room: 3.1m x 1.8m
Bathroom: 3.2m x 2.1m

Master Bedroom: 7.2m x 3.5m
Walkin Wardrobe: 7.2m x 1.5m
Ensuite: 2.7m x 1.7m

Bedroom 2: 4.5m x 3.3m
Ensuite: 1.7m x 1.6m

Bedroom 3: 4m x 3.3m
Ensuite: 1.5m x 1.3m

Bedroom 4: 4.5m x 3.3m
Ensuite: 2.4m x 1.5m

Stairs to attic Rooms:

Attic Room 1: 4.2m x 3.2m
Attic Room 2: 4.4m x 3.2m
Garage: 6m x 2.8m

VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT WITH SOLE SELLING AGENTS
Features: Video27 Hillview, Kilmoney, Carrigaline, Co. Cork, P43E449€585,0004 Bed5 Bath225 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.807447,-8.397171
------------------------------
Address: KMS GalwayKeane Mahony SmithGlenside House, Maree Road, Renville East, Oranmore, Co. Galway, H91R6F6€1,500,0004 Bed6 Bath384 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-glenside-house-maree-road-renville-east-oranmore-co-galway/5869938
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:384 m²Keane Mahony Smith are delighted to introduce to the market ‘Glenside House’, a manor-style residence on the periphery of Oranmore Village.

Glenside House was constructed by the current owners in 2004 and from foundation to finish has been thoughtfully completed with the finest materials and craftsmanship. Its specifications and features are entirely impressive.

The property stands on a secluded site of 0.74 acres, bounded by mature hedging and grand sycamore trees. The grounds of Glenside House have been meticulously landscaped and maintained providing a magnificent entrance, fitting of the imposing grandeur of the residence that it leads to.

Glenside House has been constructed above the highest of modern standards, while achieving a regal, period-style status. The residence comprises over 4,135sq.ft of elegant living space over 3 floor levels. 

Fronting onto the Maree Road, the property is just a short stroll from Oranmore Village while availing of the rolling hills and forestry of Renville Park and its stunning coastal walkway and pier, just a stone’s throw from the front gate.

Maree Road is a location of status within the area of Oranmore Village, lined with outstanding detached homes and offering rural and coastal views while convenient to the host of facilities provided by the village. Glenside House is certainly one of the grandest properties in the vicinity and compliments the status of the location seamlessly.

Oranmore village provides a selection of excellent schools, various supermarkets and retail shops, outstanding bars and restaurants and the famous coastal views of Galway Bay. Oranmore is an idyllic location for its community and amenities, moreover its excellent road infrastructure and public transport connectivity to Galway and the M6/M18/M18 motorway offers the perfect ingredients for a blissful sylvan lifestyle.

The property is of concrete block construction with double-glazed PVC sash windows throughout and a timeless architecturally-designed façade. The façade is dressed with both English Ivy and Boston Ivy and lined by manicured planted beds.

The front entrance of the home features an attractive doorway surrounded by sidelights and fanlight with exquisite masonry edging. A grand lobby greets you upon entrance with marble tiled flooring and imposing timber staircase. An understairs cloakroom provides substantial hidden storage also. 

Ornate skirting and coving line the perimeters of each room, with magnificent 9ft6 high ceilings on both the ground floor and first floor. 

Two stately reception rooms lead from the lobby area; the western lounge features dual aspect sash windows overlooking the front and side gardens, along with a majestic black granite open fireplace. 

However, this room’s most noteworthy feature is the crimson carpeted flooring with gold and cream border accents, woven and fitted by the venerable V’Soske Joyce Carpets. V’Soske Joyce Carpets have been celebrated globally since their establishment in the 1950’s, providing their services to the most prestigious clients such as US Presidents, Royal Families, Sultans, Sheiks and Embassies, to name but a few. The luxurious crimson carpets are also featured along the staircases and first floor landing area.

The eastern living room features dual aspect sash windows, walnut timber flooring, solid fuel insert stove with white marble fireplace.

A large archway leads to the rear corridor of the residence where the remainder of the ground floor accommodation lies. A lavish dining room presents with walnut timber flooring and dual aspect sash windows overlooking the rear gardens and commanding pools of sunlight thanks to its south-facing aspect.

A tastefully finished bathroom comprises a generously proportioned shower, WC and WHB.

The kitchen is characterised by its bright, light-filled open-plan space and offers a functional family kitchen with high class finishes. The quality fitted units and black granite counter-tops extend into the utility room also. Integrated appliances and an abundance of storage and counter space are further proof of the mindfulness of the architecture and design employed throughout Glenside House. 

The dining area overlooks the rear patio via south-facing patio doors while French doors lead from this space to the sun lounge, a double height space with Velux windows, accentuating the existing abundance of natural lighting.

The rear garden of the residence is partially finished in tarmacadam with a stunning paved patio area with white granite picnic table and seating and landscaped greenery. A wonderful doorway within the mature hedging leads to an extraordinary hidden rear garden; an immaculately luscious green with natural local stone features and seating area. 

A split level detached garage comprises an impressive 621sq.ft over 2 floor levels. Ground floor level offers roller shutter door access from the rear driveway, while the lower floor level is accessed from the lower rear garden area.

The first floor accommodation is sure to impress with its idyllic floor plan and high class finishes. The plush crimson carpet directs you to the ceremonious first floor foyer from where lies 4 luxurious king sized bedrooms, each with substantial private ensuites and carpeted flooring. The master bedroom has the additional feature of the fully-fitted walk-in-wardrobe room, and benefits from south-facing windows.

The main bathroom is a stunning facility, fully-tiled with WHB, WC, jacuzzi corner bath, built-in shower unit and integrated sauna room. 

The large hot press completes the first floor and offers significant additional storage space.

A further staircase leads to the second floor accommodation with 2 rooms and further storage space.

Glenside House, while awe-inducing in its appearance and grandeur, is equally as remarkable in its build and fit-out. The property has achieved a spectacular B1 Building Energy Rating (BER). It has been constructed with an Air-To-Water Geo-Thermal heating system throughout with underfloor heating at both ground and first floor, along with zoned thermostats in each individual room. Cavity wall insulation, dry-lining, Hollowcore flooring at first floor and double-glazed PVC windows further contribute to the property’s efficiency.

Glenside House is a perfect harmony of period-style “manor-like” architecture, modern efficiency and technology, and functional living space. We highly recommend viewing this residence to truly appreciate its breathtaking presence and stunning finishes. Keane Mahony Smith Auctioneers with joint agents Yvonne Sweeeney.
Features: Glenside House, Maree Road, Renville East, Oranmore, Co. Galway, H91R6F6€1,500,0004 Bed6 Bath384 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.250641,-8.940714
------------------------------
Address: McCarthy DevelopmentsTony SiskMcCarthy Developments643 The Kingfisher, The Sanctuary, Jacob'S Island, Mahon, Co. Cork, T12KR27€340,0002 Bed2 Bath76 m²ApartmentViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-643-the-kingfisher-the-sanctuary-jacobs-island-mahon-co-cork/5826430
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:76 m²We are delighted to present to the market this impressive sixth floor, two bedroom apartment situated in the popular residential development of The Sanctuary in Jacob’s Island and offering panoramic views to the front of the property over Cork City. The property has been immaculately maintained and benefits from its convenient location just a 5 minute walk to Mahon Point Shopping Centre and 15 minutes drive from Cork City centre.
A bright reception hallway features attractive décor throughout with new carpet flooring and recessed spot lighting. The area has enclosed storage, and an utility area located off the hallway which has plumbing for a washing machine, two power points, one centre light piece and wall-mounted shelving. Located off the main hallway is an L shaped hallway (1.1m x 3.86m) which allows access to the open plan kitchen/dining/living area and two bedrooms.
Features: 643 The Kingfisher, The Sanctuary, Jacob'S Island, Mahon, Co. Cork, T12KR27€340,0002 Bed2 Bath76 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.884527,-8.392687
------------------------------
Address: Ross KavanaghWyse Residential50 Morehampton Square, Dublin 4, Donnybrook, Dublin 4, D04V271€500,0002 Bed1 Bath58 m²DuplexADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/duplex-50-morehampton-square-dublin-4-donnybrook-dublin-4/5869237
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:58 m²Wyse Residential welcomes you to Morehampton Square, a beautifully tranquil development off Morehampton Road. A gated complex, built by the Cosgrave Brothers in 1985, consisting of townhouses, duplex units and apartments - 85 properties in total. This 2 bedroom duplex comes with a sunny southwest private balcony, meticulously maintained communal gardens and communal parking.

Accommodation includes an entrance hallway with understairs storage, a bright living/dining room, a kitchen, two double bedrooms, a bathroom and a private balcony. There is also an outside storage shed.

Donnybrook is one of Dublin premier addresses, Morehampton Square enjoys close proximity to both Donnybrook Village and Dublin's City Centre. Herbert Park and St Stephen's Green are only a short walk away, with several cafés and restaurants to enjoy along the way. 

Excellent public transport is also available with the 7, 39A, 46A, 116, 118, 145, 155 available linking to UCD, Dun Laoghaire, Shankill, Dundrum Shopping Centre, Sandyford Business District, Bray and Heuston Station. The Aircoach also delivers a superb link to Dublin Airport.

**Please note this property was previously rented at €1,797. The last rent review was served, July 2022.

Entrance Hallway
With understairs storage

Living Room/Dining Room 4.57m x 3.60m
Bright room with sunny aspect, feature fireplace and French doors leading to the balcony

Kitchen 2.67m x 2.58m
Shaker style floor and wall mounted kitchen cabinets

Bedroom 1 3.56m x 2.7m
Double bedroom with built in wardrobes

Bedroom 2 3.54m x 2.85m
Double bedroom with built in wardrobes

Bathroom 2.44m x 1.45m
Tiled with w.c., w.h.b. and shower cubicle

Balcony
Sunny Southwest facing decked balcony
Features: 50 Morehampton Square, Dublin 4, Donnybrook, Dublin 4, D04V271€500,0002 Bed1 Bath58 m²Duplex
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.327131,-6.244487
------------------------------
Address: Martin TerryTerry PropertiesDunmore Lane, Falcarragh, Falcarragh, Co. Donegal, F92R8C7€370,0004 Bed2 BathDetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-dunmore-lane-falcarragh-falcarragh-co-donegal/5869153
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyThis four-bedroom home offers breathtaking views overlooking Muckish Mountain and the Derryveagh mountain range. The design of the house is focused on maximizing these picturesque vistas, with the bedrooms thoughtfully situated on the first and second floors with a conservatory to the rear.
The property boasts of a Geothermal heating system which is highly energy efficient.
Situated just a few minute's drive from local beaches, the location offers a serene and idyllic setting, perfect for enjoying the coastal lifestyle. Furthermore, being only a short drive away from the bustling market town of Falcarragh adds convenience and access to amenities and services.
Viewing is strictly by appointment only.
Features: Dunmore Lane, Falcarragh, Falcarragh, Co. Donegal, F92R8C7€370,0004 Bed2 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=55.125816,-8.071108
------------------------------
Address: Darragh BradyBrady & McCarthy Estate Agents13 Leopardstown Park, Stillorgan, Co. Dublin, A94F752€845,0004 Bed2 Bath155 m²Semi-DOpen from Oct 19thADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-13-leopardstown-park-blackrock-co-dublin/5862532
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:155 m²Welcome to 13 Leopardstown Park, a beautifully presented and light-filled, double-fronted 4-bedroom family home that combines comfort and convenience. Nestled within this quiet mature residential setting in Co. Dublin, the home also benefits from a sun-filled rear garden with an enviable westerly orientation. The perfect haven for families, the home boasts a serene environment while being just moments away from a host of amenities and transport links.

Extended to the rear and presented in superb condition throughout, the accommodation comprises an entrance porch, entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, family room, utility room, shower room, landing, 4 x Bedrooms (2 doubles, 2 singles), shower room and wc. At the front, Number 13 is approached over a driveway with generous off-street parking, ensuring easy access and convenience. Gated side access leads one to the large sun filled private rear garden which is presented in patio, lawn and mature planting providing the perfect setting for children to play and for outdoor entertaining.  Additional storage is provided by garden sheds.

13 Leopardstown Park is ideally located within easy reach of local shops and several vibrant villages including Blackrock, Foxrock, and Stillorgan offering a generous range of amenities such as specialty shops, restaurants, cafes and bars. For further shopping needs, Carrickmines Retail Park, Cornelscourt Shopping Centre, and Dundrum Shopping Centre are just a short drive away.

For those who enjoy an active lifestyle, the location couldn't be better. Two parks nearby provide ample green space for outdoor activities. Leopardstown Tennis Club and Westwood Leisure Centre are just a short walk away, making it easy to maintain a healthy lifestyle. Other nearby amenities include golf clubs, equestrian centres, hill walking, and mountain biking routes.

A number of South County Dublin's most prestigious primary and secondary schools are nearby including St. Raphaelas, St Brigids, St Benildus, Newpark, Sion Hill, Blackrock College and Loreto Foxrock to name a select few. Public transportation is plentiful including the LUAS (Sandyford), DART (Blackrock), Aircoach and Dublin Bus routes. The N11 and M50 road networks offer easy access into Dublin City and surrounding areas.

13 Leopardstown Park is a truly special home that combines a family-friendly setting with convenience and charm. Its spacious living accommodation, close proximity to Leopardstown Park and the LUAS makes it a desirable choice for families and commuters alike. The new owners may also explore the possibility of converting the attic and extending over the side subject to the necessary planning permissions.

Entrance Porch
Tiled floor.

Entrance Hall
Fitted carpet, ceiling coving and understairs storage.

Living Room
Fitted carpet, ceiling coving, feature fireplace and sliding double doors to:

Dining Room
Fitted carpet, ceiling coving and sliding double doors to:

Kitchen
Fitted floor and wall units, Creda oven, Bosch 4 plate hob, Zanussi dishwasher, Beko fridge freezer and tiled splashback.

Conservatory
Tiled floor and access to rear garden.

Family Room
Fitted carpet, ceiling coving, spot lighting and feature fireplace.

Utility Room
Partially timber flooring and fitted carpet, Bosch washing machine and whb.

Shower Room
Tiled floor, step in shower and wc.

Landing
Fitted carpet, alarm and shelved hot press.

Bedroom 1
Double bedroom with timber flooring and storage.

Bedroom 2
Double bedroom with fitted carpet.

Bedroom 3
Single bedroom with fitted carpet.

Bedroom 4
Single bedroom with fitted carpet.

Shower Room
Tiled floor. fully tiled walls, step in shower and access to attic.

WC
Fitted carpet and wc.

Disclaimer: Brady & McCarthy and the vendor/lessor give note that the information contained in this brochure do not form any part of any offer or contract, are provided in good faith, and are for guidance only. Maps, floorplans and boundaries are not to scale and any measurements are approximate. The particulars, descriptions, dimensions, references to condition, permissions or licences for use or occupation, access and any other details, such as prices, rents or any other outgoings are for guidance only and may be subject to change. Intending purchasers / renters must satisfy themselves as to the accuracy of details provided to them either verbally or as part of this brochure. Neither Brady & McCarthy or any of its employees have any authority to make or give any representation or warranty in respect of this property.
Features: 13 Leopardstown Park, Stillorgan, Co. Dublin, A94F752€845,0004 Bed2 Bath155 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.277833,-6.197399
------------------------------
Address: Ronan O'HaraSherry FitzGerald BlackrockCherry View, Glenabbey Road, Mount Merrion, Co. Dublin, A94C1P8€1,295,0004 Bed3 Bath173 m²DetachedOpen from Oct 19thViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-cherry-view-glenabbey-road-mount-merrion-co-dublin/5616427
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:173 m²Cherry View is a beautifully presented 4-bedroom (2 ensuite), detached, B3 rated family home extending to 173sqm, which overlooks the 32-acre public park known as “The Deerpark” in Mount Merrion. This home is an exceptional spacious, modern detached residence in walk-in condition throughout, offering every modern comfort on this lovely quiet leafy road close to, Stillorgan, Blackrock, Dundrum, Sandyford and Dundrum Town Centre.

Cherry View is set behind automated, electronic gates, which lead to a private entrance driveway. The property extends to c. 173sqm over three floors, offering 4 bedrooms (2 ensuite) and two attic rooms (extending to 21sqm) with extensive storage spaces. There is a private enclosed south facing maintenance free garden featuring a Thomond Vermont paved patio. The property has just been recently refurbished throughout to present an exceptionally warm, bright, inviting, and comfortable family home or alternatively could be used as an investment property.

Cherry View is excellently located on Glenabbey Road, Mount Merrion, with a host of amenities right on its doorstep including shops, cafes and food outlets. It is also surrounded by some of south Dublin’s best amenities, including those in Stillorgan Shopping Centre, Dundrum Town Centre, and Blackrock Village. The property is located close to UCD and St. Vincent’s Hospital and is just a short stroll from the N11, with its Quality Bus Corridor (QBC) offering direct access to the city centre and surrounding areas. The property is located nearby to Kilmacud / Dundrum Luas stops and Booterstown /Blackrock DART Stations. 

This superb home will appeal to families seeking a quality home in turnkey condition within easy commute of a choice of top Schools, Shopping and Public transport. 
There are numerous sporting and leisure facilities nearby, with The Deer Park on your doorstep (32-acre public park, woodland walks, 6 tennis courts) and the UCD campus within walking distance.

Leisure amenities abound including Deerpark Sports Tennis Club, Elm Park Golf & Tennis Club, David Lloyd Riverview, Fitzwilliam Lawn Tennis Club, Donnybrook Lawn Tennis Club and UCD Sports & Fitness Centre. 
There is a range of excellent educational facilities nearby, including Mount Anville Primary and Secondary, The Teresian School, St Kilians, Blackrock College, St Andrews, St Michaels College, St Benildus College, Wesley College, Oatlands College, Rosemont Secondary School, Nord Anglia International School, Colaiste Eoin / Iosagain and UCD to name but a few.

Entrance Porch Entrance porch with Terracotta tiling leads to

Entrance Hall 3.64m x 5.43m. Large and bright entrance hallway with Crème Marfil marble cream floor tiles, ceiling lights, a large window to the side and front with carpeted staircase to upper floors and there is a generous storage space under the stairs including a central vac unit.

Guest WC Fully tiled both floors and walled in Crème Marfil with Villeroy and Boch sanitary ware, wash hand basin with vanity unit/storage underneath, dressing mirror with shaving light, recessed lighting, window and ventilator fan.

Living Room 3.99m x 5.43m. With walnut floor and a feature electric built in fire, wall and floor lights with a large window to the side and door leading to the kitchen / dining room.

Kitchen/ Dining Room 7.25m x 5.43m. Large bright south facing room with tiled floor and an extensive range of ivory floor and wall units with black pearl granite counter tops and crema marfil tiled splashback. Sink unit with window overlooking the south facing garden and recessed lighting.  Samsung American style fridge/freezer with ice dispenser, AEG four plate electric hob, oven and extractor fan, Electrolux microwave grill and integrated dishwasher, washing machine and dryer. There are double doors which allow access to the rear garden.

Upstairs

Landing 7.05m x 3.17m. Large space with window, maple flooring and hot press and stair access to two attic rooms.

Main Bedroom 3.64m x 3.76m. Large double bedroom to front with large picture window overlooking front garden, extensive range of built in wardrobes finished in walnut with mirrored doors, walnut radiator cover, recessed lighting and wall lights.

Shower Room Ensuite Fully tiled with shower, with Villeroy and Boch sanitary ware, wash hand basin with vanity unit/storage underneath, dressing mirror with shaving light, recessed lighting, window and ventilator fan.

Bedroom 2 4.19m x 2.91m. Large double bedroom to the rear which overlooks the garden, maple flooring and built-in walnut wardrobes surrounding and over the bed space. Room includes a fully tiled shower cubicle with glass shower door, and a separate wc with wash hand basin with Villeroy and Boch sanitary ware.

Bedroom 3 4.29m x 2.16m. Bedroom with maple floor, built in wardrobes finished in walnut with mirrored doors and a window to the rear.

Bedroom 4 3.86m x 2.08m. Bedroom with maple floor, built in wardrobes finished in walnut with mirrored doors and a window to the rear.

Bathroom 2.66m x 2.16m. Fully tiled with Villeroy & Boch sanitary ware consisting of a jacuzzi bath with shower and shower screen, wash hand basin with vanity unit, dressing mirror with light, frosted window, heated towel rail, wc, recessed lighting and ventilation fan.

Attic Level

Attic Room 1 3.91m x 3.28m. Large room with generous under eaves storage areas featuring two velux windows, maple flooring, recessed lighting and radiator.

Attic Room 2 2.42m x 3.28m. Good sized room with generous under eaves storage areas featuring two velux windows, maple flooring, recessed lighting and radiator.
Features: VideoCherry View, Glenabbey Road, Mount Merrion, Co. Dublin, A94C1P8€1,295,0004 Bed3 Bath173 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.294009,-6.216541
------------------------------
Address: Christina SimonsLansdowne Partnership Estate AgentsApt. 15, Hanover Wharf, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2, D02CA43€850,0003 Bed2 Bath140 m²ApartmentADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-apt-15-hanover-wharf-grand-canal-dock-dublin-2/5846050
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:140 m²Lansdowne Partnership is delighted to present 15 Hanover Wharf, a stunning light filled triple aspect two-storey penthouse in one of Dublin's most sought-after locations. 15 Hanover Wharf is a large modern penthouse measuring approx. 139 sq.m. featuring 2/3 bedrooms and finished to an exceptionally high standard. Originally a three double bedroom property, it now boasts a spacious master suite with an ensuite bathroom and a private dressing area which can easily be reverted to a three double bedroom layout if desired. The extensive living accommodation is south-east facing, exceptionally spacious with floor-to-ceiling glazing that floods the property with natural light.
The living area includes a large living/dining space with a wrap-around balcony offering views of the Grand Canal Basin. The kitchen is fitted with top-of-the-line appliances and a breakfast bar, also enjoying stunning views and ample natural light.
The property has a dedicated home office space which is filled with light and opens onto the rear balcony.
Upon entering Hanover Wharf, you will find the property on the third (top) floor. This atrium area itself is very well designed, flooded with natural light, extremely spacious and reminiscent of a luxury hotel.
Penthouse Entrance Level: The entrance hall in the property features polished natural stone floors, a convenient spacious storage closet and provides access to the master suite. This impressive master bedroom offers fantastic space and ample storage, along with a full en-suite bathroom and a very impressive dressing room area.
Upper Level:
 A superb landing with beautiful polished natural stone flooring and plenty of space, making it an ideal location for a light filled home office with floor-to- ceiling windows and a patio door leading to one of the property's three balconies.
 This landing also leads to the second bedroom, a large double room with floor-to-ceiling windows and patio door giving access to a private balcony.
 A second bathroom is located off the main landing.

 Living Accommodation:
 A wonderful inner walkway, filled with natural light, with views into the atrium below, leads to the spacious living area.
 The living/dining room is an extremely spacious room featuring floor-to-ceiling glazing, beautiful wooden flooring with two patio doors that open onto a large south facing wrap-around balcony providing stunning views of the Grand Canal Basin. This wonderful space is not overlooked, ensuring great privacy.
 The living area is cleverly separated from the bedrooms facilitating privacy and increasing the functionality of the property.
 The fully fitted kitchen with a breakfast bar is finished to a high standard and includes top of the range appliances.
 A door in the kitchen leads to a very convenient laundry room.
 The property boasts a clever range of flooring appropriate to each area's function, including solid wooden flooring, polished natural stone flooring and carpet in the master bedroom.

This property offers a unique blend of luxury and practicality, with ample natural light, spacious rooms and multiple balconies. It is an ideal home for those seeking a stylish and comfortable living space in a prime location.

Hanover Wharf is a modern waterfront development in the heart of Grand Canal Dock, Dublin's most vibrant setting. A host of amenities are on offer, including a wide variety of cafes, restaurants, gyms, and sports clubs, as well as the chic Marker Hotel and the iconic Grand Canal Theatre. The city centre, Ballsbridge, the IFSC, and Sandymount are all within walking distance, while the DART and LUAS provide easy access to the rest of the city.

Below is a brief description of this spacious and well-appointed property with various rooms and features. 

Accommodation: 

Entrance Hall c. 3.31m x 2.09m
Wooden flooring. Good-sized storage closet

Storage Closet c. 1.94m x 1.30m
Ample space for storage or use as a cloakroom

Master Bedroom c. 8.11m c 3.95m
Once two double bedrooms, now combined into a large master suite
Dual aspect with wooden blinds
Carpeted
Ensuite bathroom

Private dressing room area (Master Bedroom)
Triple double built in wardrobes

Ensuite (Master Bedroom) 2.29m x 1.17m
Fully tiled
Bath with overhead shower
WHB (wash-hand basin) with vanity unit and granite counter
Large vanity mirror
WC and towel rail

First Floor Landing c. 9.47m x 2.91m
Floor-to-ceiling windows
Patio door leading to a private balcony
Beautiful polished natural stone flooring
Dedicated space suitable for a home office

Inner Walkway
Polished natural stone flooring
Large windows overlooking the atrium below, providing excellent natural light
Room for additional furniture
Good-sized hot press

Bedroom 2 c. 4.82m x 2.60m
Large, bright double bedroom
Solid wooden flooring
Built-in wardrobes
Floor-to-ceiling glazing with patio door to private balcony
Dual aspect with plenty of natural light

Bathroom 2 c. 2.29m x 1.71m
Fully tiled
Bath with overhead shower
WHB with vanity unit and granite counter
Large vanity mirror

Living/Dining Room c. 6.65 x 6.42m
Stunning corner room with wrap-around floor-to-ceiling glazing with patio doors on both sides. Extremely spacious living area
Wrap-around balcony with views of the Grand Canal Basin
South facing for ample sunshine
Solid wooden flooring

Kitchen c 2.62m x 2.38m
Beautifully finished units with integrated appliances
Granite countertops
Large pantry pull-out unit
Tiled flooring and splashback
Door to laundry room

Laundry Room c. 1.52m x 0.82
Handy utility room with shelving and washer/dryer

Property Features:
 Prime Location: Penthouse situated in the prestigious Grand Canal Dock area, offering a vibrant and convenient urban lifestyle.
 Showhouse Condition: The property is impeccably maintained and presented in showhouse condition.
 Living/Sleeping Balance: Excellent distribution of space between living and sleeping accommodation, ensuring comfort and privacy.
 Master Suite: Expansive master bedroom suite with ample space and luxury finishes. Private dressing area and ensuite bathroom.
 Second Double Bedroom: Features a private balcony, offering additional outdoor space and privacy.
 Spacious Living/Dining Room: The living and dining areas span the full width of the property, providing an open, airy feel due to the expansive glazing.
 Home Office area with floor to ceiling windows and patio door
 Underfloor Heating: High-end underfloor heating throughout the property for optimal comfort.
 Two Fully Fitted Bathrooms: Large, well-appointed bathrooms with high-quality fixtures and fittings.
 Natural Light & Views: The living/dining room is flooded with natural light and offers stunning views, thanks to floor-to-ceiling glazing.
 Wrap-Around Balcony: A large, wrap-around balcony with water views, perfect for outdoor relaxation and entertaining.
 Privacy: The property is not overlooked, ensuring a sense of seclusion and privacy.
 Designated Parking: Includes a designated parking space for convenience.
 Proximity to Amenities: A host of top amenities, including shops, restaurants, and entertainment options, are within walking distance.
 Outdoor Space: Spacious balconies to the front, side and rear of the property, plus a full wrap-around balcony off the living area, providing multiple outdoor areas to enjoy.


Viewing of this stunning property is highly recommended.
To organise your viewing, please contact:
Lansdowne Partnership Estate Agents
Christina Simons 086 0655323 christina





Accommodation

 Note: 
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only. Property Reference :LAND1157
Features: VideoApt. 15, Hanover Wharf, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2, D02CA43€850,0003 Bed2 Bath140 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.344814,-6.237481
------------------------------
Address: Yvonne Sweeney MIPAV MMCEPIYvonne Sweeney Auctioneers and Valuers LtdGlenside House, Renville East, Oranmore, Co. Galway, H91R6F6€1,500,0004 Bed6 Bath384 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-glenside-house-renville-east-oranmore-co-galway/5868567
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:384 m²Built in 2005, Glenside House is one of the finest properties to come to the Oranmore market in recent years.  This beautifully appointed home is set on three quarters of an acre of mature grounds on the Maree Road, less than 2km to the village of Oranmore.  Extending to 384.2  sqm over three levels, it has an old-world charm showcasing many ornate architectural and period features whilst having a practical layout with modern day conveniences. 
The sizeable ground floor area is divided into functional, cosy living spaces with two nicely-proportioned reception rooms, with dual aspect, located either side of the grand entrance hall and a formal dining room, kitchen/dining room, sun room, guest WC and utility, located to the rear.  Four elegant bedrooms, each with their own en suites, are on the first floor, in addition to the family bathroom and the attic is fully converted, ideal for office, storage or recreational use. The master bedroom has its own walk-in wardrobe and the main bathroom has the luxury of a sauna. 
The property enjoys a wonderfully private setting, stepped back from the Maree Road and surrounded by mature trees, manicured lawns and lush green countryside.  Its picturesque exterior is adorned with ivy-clad walls, giving this home a sense of permanence and belonging.  The main entrance door with overhead fanlight and sidelight's, leads to a generous entrance hall, tiled in marble.  An exquisitely hand-crafted Mahogony staircase, fitted with V'Sosky Joyce wool carpet, sweeps upwards to the top floor, showcasing the standard of finish throughout this fabulous home.
Tall ceilings, decorative coving, crystal chandeliers and marble fireplaces give a sense of luxury and opulence throughout, and elegant drapes of raw silk, heavily lined, create an atmosphere of warmth, luxury and relaxation.
A passageway off the entrance hall leads to the kitchen and dining room to the right and a Guest WC and formal dining room to the left.  A utility is located to the left of the kitchen and glazed French doors from the kitchen open seamlessly into a cosy sunroom with triple aspect.  The more formal dining room could equally be used as a playroom or home office, depending on one's preferences. 
Patio doors from the kitchen and sunroom open into an extensively paved patio area which in turn leads to a private, split-level, south-east facing garden and split-level garage.  A sweeping tarmac driveway, bordered with low hedging and lined with tall lanterns, wraps around the house, offering ample car parking space.
This home has an impressive B1 energy rating, qualifying potential purchasers for green mortgage rates.  There is geothermal, air to water, underfloor heating on both the ground floor and first floor, with zoned heat controls in each room.  It also has the benefit of an inset wood burning stove in the main living room.  All windows are double glazed, PVC sash windows and all internal doors are custom made in solid wood.  It is of traditional build with block walls and cavity insulation and precast, hollow-core floor slabs. 
The location of this properly is ideal for school-going children.  The village centre along with all three primary schools are nearby, as is Calasanctius Secondary School.  Commuters enjoy the convenience of access that Oranmore offers to the M6 and M18 motorways.  Access to Galway city by car via the M6 motorway is approximately a fifteen-minute journey during off peak traffic hours but if one opts to travel by train or bus, commute times are shortened considerably. 
Oranmore offers and excellent choice of supermarkets, recreational facilities, and restaurants.  Rinville Park and Playground are wonderful nearby amenities for all to enjoy.  Rinville Sailing Club, Galway Bay Golf Club and the Oranmore Maree GAA Club and community astro pitch provide the best possible opportunities, for children in particular, to develop in sport.
This home is built and finished to an exceptionally high standard with no expense spared in the quality of fittings and finishes chosen and viewing is very highly recommended.  Joint agents Keane Mahony Smith, Galway.
Features: Glenside House, Renville East, Oranmore, Co. Galway, H91R6F6€1,500,0004 Bed6 Bath384 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.250641,-8.940714
------------------------------
Address: Karl RussellRussell Estate Agents37 Oaktree Road, Stillorgan, Co. Dublin, A94CX92€795,0003 Bed1 Bath101 m²Semi-DADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-37-oaktree-road-stillorgan-co-dublin/5867022
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:101 m²Russell Estate Agents are delighted to introduce this superb semi-detached family home with magnificent 27m (90ft) rear garden to the market. 

Constructed in the early 1950s, number 37 Oaktree Road has been under the same family ownership since 1969 and enjoys a prominent position on a quiet residential road within minute's walk to the village of Stillorgan. Spanning circa 101sq. m / 1,087 sq. ft., this charming family home has been lovingly maintained by its current owners having been upgraded/extended in recent years. 

The ground floor comprises of an inviting entrance hallway, a light filled kitchen with extended living room with double doors leading to the rear garden. Off the main hallway are the living room, three bedrooms with the master bedroom featuring its own double doors to the rear garden.

Number 37 occupies a spacious plot that has been cleverly designed for modern-day living. Space is plentiful to the front with off street parking for up to six cars along with a generous garage to the side of the house so options are plentiful to expand even further to into the roof space, side and rear of the house if required whilst still maintaining an expansive garden space.

Bungalows with this size of plot in this location rarely come to market and will surely attract strong interest from buyers looking for a quality home in a highly sought-after area. 

This enviable location offers an impressive array of amenities just minutes walk away including shops, cafes and restaurants.  Stillorgan village offers the ultimate choice in retail outlets, shops, restaurants, coffee shops, boutiques, and cinema. Local venues offering leisure and sporting facilities include Kilmacud Crokes GAA & tennis Club, Leopardstown Lawn tennis club and Clonmore Park. Sandyford Business Park, Blackrock Clinic, The Beacon Hospital, and Leopardstown Racecourse are all within a ten-minute drive. This much sought after location offers an impressive array of amenities on its doorstep which include Centra convenience Store, pharmacy, Millhouse pub & restaurant, creche & Bear coffee. Local venues offering leisure and sporting facilities include Kilmacud Crokes GAA Club, Clonmore park & Deerpark. Sandyford Business Park, The Beacon Hospital and Leopardstown Racecourse are all within a ten minute drive. 

The locality also boasts some of the top schools in Dublin including St. Brigid's National School, St. Laurence's BNS, Oatlands Primary & Secondary, Scoil San Treasa, Mount Anville Primary & Secondary, St. Benildus College, St. Raphaela's Primary and Secondary. Nord Anglia International School Dublin, Blackrock College, Sion Hill, St. Andrew's College are all within easy reach. The Smurfit Business School and UCD are also located close by. 

Excellent commuter services are nearby with the QBC on the N11 just 3 minutes walk away, providing easy access to Dublin City Centre and beyond. The M50 is a ten-minute drive away, and the LUAS station in Sandyford is within 15 minutes walking distance. While enjoying a suburban location, the property is only a few minutes' drive to the countryside, where one can enjoy a host of outdoor pursuits.

For a private viewing of this charming property, please contact the selling agent Karl Russell directly at 087 6246325 / 01 2963557.

Viewing comes highly recommended, and we look forward to welcoming you to this wonderful home.
Features: Video37 Oaktree Road, Stillorgan, Co. Dublin, A94CX92€795,0003 Bed1 Bath101 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.280717,-6.199264
------------------------------
Address: Tommy Carmody PSR Lic No: 004329Tommy Carmody's Property House26 Marian Park, Ballyheigue, Ballyheigue, Co. Kerry, V92Y9K3€199,0003 Bed1 Bath80 m²TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-26-marian-park-ballyheigue-co-kerry/5866781
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:80 m²*3 bedroom home with stunning views *Walk to the Beach & Golf Course *Elevated Setting *Rear lane access *Close to all amenities *Live by the sea, work in town *Endless potential *Ideal 1ST time Buyer Home, Holiday Home, Down-Sizer Home or Investment *BER C1
Tommy Carmody’s Property House are really excited to bring 26 Marian Park, Ballyheigue to the Market for sale
AVAILABLE TO VIEW - CALL OR TEXT TOMMY TO SECURE A VIEWING SLOT
#26 is situated in the well established and well regarded Marian Park. It is within walking distance of all imaginable amenities in the sea-side village including the Beach, Golf Course, Bars, Restaurants, Shops, Medical facilities and so much more. Tralee is a short commute which allows you to easily work in town but live by the sea. It is also within easy reach of several other towns and villages in Kerry.
The home itself, briefly comprises 3 Bedrooms, a wonderful Kitchen/Dining quarters, back kitchen, a family bathroom, attic and block built shed to the rear. 
Accommodation 
Hallway: A welcoming, and naturally bright hallway with NEW carpet flooring with understairs storage. 
Living Room: Situated at the front of the home, this is a great sized room with a decorative, feature fireplace of marble surround and hearth. It has a built in tv corner and separate storage and wood effect flooring, cornicing and coving.
Kitchen/Dining Room: This room offers views of the Atlantic. There is ample floor and wall mounted storage, a feature fireplace withs stone surround and back boiler, and wood effect lino flooring. 
Back kitchen: With direct access to the rear courtyard, it has built in storage and allows for plumbing of washing machine, dryer, cooker and has tiled floors. 
1ST Floor
Landing: with New carpet flooring it offers access to 3 x bedrooms, family bathroom and the attic.
Bedroom 1: Stunning sea views out to the Atlantic. It is situated at the rear of the home, could accommodate a super-king bed, with built in storage and wooden floors.
Bedroom 2: This room could easily accommodate a king bed. It is at the front of the home. With built in storage & wood effect flooring
Bedroom 3: Situated at the back of the home this room would accommodate a double bed. With wooden flooring.
Family Bathroom:  This is a good sized bathroom. It consists of a Bath with electric shower, WC and WHB and part tiled walls.
OUTSIDE 
There is a lovely garden to the front of the home which is mainly laid out in lawn and path way to the front door.  To the rear there is a covered terrace area with a new roof, a block built shed with power which could be upgraded to become home office or similar. There is direct access to the land at the back.  
To arrange a viewing, simply reply directly to this advert or call/text Tommy on +353877060530
Whilst every care has been taken in the preparation of these particulars, and they are believed to be correct, they are not warranted and intending purchasers / lessees should satisfy themselves as to the correctness of information given.
Features: 26 Marian Park, Ballyheigue, Ballyheigue, Co. Kerry, V92Y9K3€199,0003 Bed1 Bath80 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.392653,-9.845312
------------------------------
Address: Colm ClearyJames Lyons O'KeeffeThe Anchorage, Colla Road, Schull, Schull, Co. Cork, P81DT86€2,400,0005 Bed3 Bath334 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-the-anchorage-colla-road-schull-schull-co-cork/5865069
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:334 m²The Anchorage presents a rare opportunity to acquire a classic period style residence where it is all about 'location, location, location'!!  

This exclusive coastal home offers stunning sea views, a generous garden, privacy and character, all within a short distance of Schull village, West Cork.

Steeped in History
The Anchorage, as it is known today, is as rich in its history as it is in its charm. Previously called Fastnet View, as it appears on the 1898 Ordnance survey map of Schull Harbour, was owned by the O'Keeffe family and remained within that same family for one hundred and forty years. This is undoubtedly an imposing residence, home to raising generations of the O'Keeffe's, a centre of business discussions, family celebrations and a wonderful vantage point of the comings and goings of Schull Harbour.

The current vendors were originally drawn to the property due to its proximity to the sea, nature, fabulous walks and Schull village itself.

On the other hand, when sophistication calls or that special occasion arises, top class venues and Michelin star restaurants are all just a short drive away.

Blairs Cove House, Durrus, Restaurant Chestnut, Ballydehob and Restaurant Dede in Baltimore to name a few.

The Anchorage set on c.1.85 acres has wonderful harbour views, mature gardens and trees frame and compliment the property.

There are lawned areas on various levels enjoying views over the property and out to sea, also sheltered seating areas. Another unique feature is direct access to the foreshore.

The Home
Inside the home a grand entrance hall leads on one side to the original part of the building with traditional features such as sash windows and shutters. The reception rooms benefit from high ceilings and open fireplaces. The formal sitting room also benefits from access to the outdoors via a door on the west wall. Onwards to a generous light filled study with a large east facing window. Behind the study is a utility and WC area leading on further to a storage area and large workshop. On the other side of the entrance hall is the newer addition, a light filled modern extension with a large open plan kitchen and dining area, again with access to the front and rear garden.

Upstairs are five bedrooms and three bathrooms, providing plenty of accommodation for guests away from the privacy of the master suite. The master has dual aspect windows overlooking the gardens, generous proportions, an ensuite and private dressing area.
Features: VideoThe Anchorage, Colla Road, Schull, Schull, Co. Cork, P81DT86€2,400,0005 Bed3 Bath334 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.512782,-9.54341
------------------------------
Address: Jeffrey Brophy MSc. MIPAV PSRA No. 003455-004872Brophy CusackPenrose, Kilmoylin, Kilmacthomas, Co. Waterford, X42E039€175,0003 Bed1 Bath86 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-penrose-kilmoylin-kilmacthomas-co-waterford/5861704
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:86 m²This property may qualify for the Vacant Property Refurbishment Grant as it is vacant for longer than two years. Introducing "Penrose," a spacious three-bedroom bungalow nestled in the scenic area of Kilmacthomas. Set on an expansive 2-acre site, this home boasts breathtaking views of the surrounding countryside and the majestic Comeragh Mountains.

The bungalow spans approximately 86 sq. m. and features a porch, entrance hall, living room, kitchen, dining room, three well-proportioned bedrooms, and a main bathroom. The property benefits from oil-fired central heating and double-glazed windows, ensuring warmth and energy efficiency.

Situated on an elevated site, the residence offers a sweeping driveway and a large detached garage that is both wired and plumbed. Its elevated position ensures abundant natural light, privacy, and stunning views, providing a serene retreat for its residents.

Penrose is conveniently located close to the renowned Waterford Greenway, a 46km cycling path that stretches from historic Waterford City to the picturesque seaside town of Dungarvan. The popular Coach House Coffee is also just moments away.

Distances: Waterford City 28km, Kilmacthomas 2.5km, Dungarvan 22km.

For more information or to arrange a viewing, please contact Brophy Cusack at 051 511333.
Features: Penrose, Kilmoylin, Kilmacthomas, Co. Waterford, X42E039€175,0003 Bed1 Bath86 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.196266,-7.400967
------------------------------
Address: Dermot Lynch MIPAV PSR 007203Dan Howard & Co. Ltd46 Orrery Road, Gurranebraher, Gurranabraher, Co. Cork, T23Y7R5€205,0003 Bed1 Bath58 m²TerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-46-orrery-road-gurranebraher-gurranabraher-co-cork/5850222
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:58 m²46 Orrery Road, 
Off Cathedral Road,
Gurranabraher, Cork
T23Y7R5

Dan Howard & Co. Ltd Auctioneers are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful 3 bedroomed, south facing, terraced house in Orrery Road.
A real gem of a house, a great starter home in perfect location.
The property has a spacious living room, Kitchen, Shower room and 3 bedrooms and WC on the first floor. To the rear there is a long garden and lots of room to extend if desired.
MAKE SURE TO BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING TODAY!!

Accommodation:
Hallway:
Living Room: 4.8m x 2.8m
Kitchen: 3.1m x 2.7m
Shower Room: 1.8m x 1.5m

Stairs:

Master Bedroom:3.9m x 2.8m
WC: 2m x 0.8m
Bedroom 2: 3.6m x 2.5m
Bedroom 3: 2.7m x 2.1m

Outside:
Garden to the front
Garden to the rear
Features: 46 Orrery Road, Gurranebraher, Gurranabraher, Co. Cork, T23Y7R5€205,0003 Bed1 Bath58 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.902993,-8.493279
------------------------------
Address: Michael O'Donovan JnrSherry FitzGerald O'Donovan MallowStonebridge Farmhouse, Ahacross, Kildorrery, Co. Cork, P67R963€410,0004 Bed3 Bath229 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-stonebridge-farmhouse-ahacross-kildorrery-co-cork/5776257
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:229 m²Stonebridge Farmhouse , built in 2007 is a stunning countryside retreat that seamlessly blends modern comforts with charming character. This picturesque home is set behind electric gates leading to a tarmac driveway flanked by elegant black studded railings offering privacy and sophistication. Surrounded by breathtaking countryside views of the Ballhouras Mountains, this property is truly a tranquil escape.

Upon entering through a porch, you are welcomed into a spacious entrance hallway. The farmhouse boasts 4 to 5 double bedrooms with a versatile ground-floor playroom/office that can easily be converted into a fifth bedroom if required. The large living room exudes warmth and charm featuring a striking stone fireplace with a beam mantle, perfect for cozy evenings.

The kitchen is a true focal point of the home with a vaulted ceiling and Velux windows that flood the room with natural light. Exposed feature beams enhance the farmhouse character while double doors open onto a southwest-facing patio offering a perfect spot to relax and enjoy the evening sun. This patio area also accessible from the dining room creates an ideal space for entertaining.

Upstairs, the property offers four double bedrooms, including a master with an en-suite and walk in robe. Set on appox 0.6 of an acre there is an option to purchase more ground if required.

Situated less than five minutes from the quaint village of Kildorrery, this property offers the perfect blend of rural tranquility and convenience. Ten minutes from the bustling town of Mitchelstown and the M8 Cork to Dublin mototway. It is a 25 minute commute to the Jack Lynch tunnel making this an ideal commuter property.

Porch 1.37m x 1.6m. Tiled Floor.

Entrance Hall 4.41m x 5.18m. Tiled Flooring. Storage cupboard for coats.

Guest w.c 2.66m x 1.57m. Fully Tiled, Shower, Whb and Toilet

Playroom/Office 4.28m x 2.68m. Semi solid wood flooring.

Living Room 6.38m x 4.55m. Solid wood floor. Feature solid fuel fire with feature stone surround and beam mantle.

Dining Room 3.56m x 5.15m. Solid wood flooring. Double doors to patio area.

Kitchen Breakfast Room 8.4m x5.14m. Tiled floor and splash-back. Fully Fitted solid ash kitchen with granite work-top. Gas Rangemaster stove. Feature beams to vaulted ceiling with velux windows. Feature island. Double doors to patio area.

Utility Room 2.67m x 2.66m. Tiled floor. Fully Fitted units. Plumbed for washing machine.

Back Hallway 1.73m x 1.17m. Tiled Floor. Door to rear.

Boiler Room 3.05m x 1.6m

Landing 5.44m x 5.15m. Solid wood Floor. Hot press.

Master Bedroom 3.65m x 4.35m. Solid wood flooring.

Walk in Robe 2m x 1.8m. Wood Flooring. Fitted Shelving unit.

En-Suite 1.9m x 1.8m. Fully Tiled, Whb, Shower and Toilet.

Bedroom 2 4.6m x 3.14m. Wood Flooring.

Bedroom 3 3.85m x 3.15m. Wood Flooring.

Bedroom 4 4.57m x 3.13m. Wood Flooring.

Bathroom 3.91m x 1.44m. Fully Tiled. Jacussi bath, Whb and Toilet,
Features: Stonebridge Farmhouse, Ahacross, Kildorrery, Co. Cork, P67R963€410,0004 Bed3 Bath229 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.257955,-8.385395
------------------------------
Address: Colm O'DonnellanO'Donnellan & Joyce21 Maunsells Road, Galway City, Co. Galway, H91T8K0Price on Application4 Bed6 Bath440 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-21-maunsells-road-galway-city-co-galway/5854996
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:440 m²ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers are privileged to present to market this beautiful detached residence in one of Galway Citys most prestigious residential locations. 

No.21 Maunsells Road is a spectacular home elegantly presented with an abundance of accommodation throughout. 

Originally constructed in 2002, the property is offered to the market in turn-key condition which is highlighted by the quality B3 energy rating. 

Comprising of approximately 440 sq.m over two storeys, 21 Maunsells Road offers plentiful reception & bedroom quarters. 

The ground floor is arranged between a beautiful entrance hall at the front leading to a private lounge with feature fireplace, downstairs bedroom with walk-in wardrobe & private en-suite and a guest bathroom. 

The rear is arranged between a large open-plan reception & kitchen area central to the home and an adjacent sun room perfectly positioned to avail of the sought after westerly aspect. The side of the house offers a private study room, separate utility & a garage with up-&-over doors leading to the front driveway. 

The main upstairs of the home is arranged between three impressive bedrooms, all of which benefit from their own en-suites whilst two have the added advantage of walk-in wardrobes, and a main family bathroom. 

The walk-up attic is accessible via the spacious landing which interconnects all rooms. Furthermore, a separately accessible office space is available above the garage & utility area. This area is perfect for further storage, a home office or an additional/optional bedroom (STPP). 

Whilst the home offers modern living standards throughout, no.21 Maunsells Road is tastefully presented throughout & thoughtfully pays homage to a more period-style design. This is notable in features such as the redbrick façade, sash windows, detailed coving, panelling & cornicing, ornate tiling & stairwell, and is also arranged to soak in plentiful natural light. 

Externally, no.21 Maunsells Road is encompassed by beautiful grounds with manicured greenery. The gated entrance leads to a cobbled driveway with off-street parking for several vehicles, EV port connection & access to the garage. 

The rear of the home boasts an enviable westerly aspect with landscaped gardens, colourful planting & a private patio area perfect for outdoor hosting. 

Maunsells Road has long been considered one of Galway Citys most sought after residential areas & the location is second-to-none in terms of convenience. 

The residential location is ideally positioned within close proximity to several quality primary & secondary schools and is well serviced by all amenities being within walking distance to Galway City. 

Maunsells Road is excellently positioned for quick access to some of Galways most prominent landmarks such as Salthill village & promenade, Galway City Centre, Latin Quarter, West End, Galway University & UCHG. 

No.21 Maunsells Road is one of the most spectacular & beautiful residences to come to market in Galway City. It is rare to come by a property in such a prominent location & equally impressive internally. 

The abundance of accommodation, turn-key condition, thoughtful design, beautiful outdoor space and sought after location makes this residence a great option as a forever home.

Viewing is highly recommend & guaranteed not to disappoint. 

Keep up to-date with NEW PROPERTIES by registering your details on our database 

For Further details please contact our office on 091-564212 
OFFICE OPENING HOURS - MON TO FRI 9AM TO 5:30PM

Properties can be viewed on our website www.odj.ie 

NOTE: These particulars are not to be considered a formal offer. They are for information only and give a general idea of the property. They are not to be taken as forming any part of a resulting contract, nor to be relied upon as statements or representations of fact. Whilst every care is taken in their preparation, neither ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers nor the vendor accept any liability as to their accuracy. Intending purchasers must satisfy themselves by personal inspection or otherwise as to the correctness of these particulars. No person in the employment of ODonnellan & Joyce Auctioneers has any authority to make or give any representation or warranty whatever in relation to this property.   

'
Features: 21 Maunsells Road, Galway City, Co. Galway, H91T8K0Price on Application4 Bed6 Bath440 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.270977,-9.072269
------------------------------
Address: Gordon HughesGordon Hughes Estate Agents -LeitrimSradrinagh House, Ballinaglera, Dorrusawillin, Co. Leitrim, N41RW28€495,0004 Bed3 Bath285 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-sradrinagh-house-ballinaglera-dorrusawillin-co-leitrim/5787712
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:285 m²Gordon Hughes Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this substantial 4 bedroom detached home (circa 285 sq.m.) Nestled in a bucolic setting between the shores of Lough Allen and the foothills of Sliabh an larainn, Sradrinagh House is a magnificent detached family home boasting panoramic views of both lake and mountains while offering a comfortable and luxurious living experience.  The estate boasts 3070 square feet of architect designed living space on a sprawling c. 2.5-acre plot  (Folio no: LM10814F)  and incorporates modern amenities and conveniences. 
This peaceful retreat enjoys an open plan living area with fully fitted kitchen on the upper floor which is cleverly designed to make the most of the stunning lake & mountain scenery which also leads to a balcony area to truly appreciate the magnificent views. This home is finished to an exceptionally high standard and is suitable for immediate occupation with the option to purchase fully furnished (not included in price) whilst the property comprises of the following accommodation: Open plan living area, sitting room (balcony area), utility room, Bathroom & No.4 bedrooms (2 en suite with walk in wardrobes) together with large horse stables to rear. Some of the many features include; Architecturally designed home, Spectacular views from all rooms, Private spring well, Heated towel rails in bathrooms together with his/her sinks, Large Garage & excellent B3 energy rating with triple glazing throughout & underfloor heating. Viewing is a must for this property and is strictly by appointment.
Features: VideoSradrinagh House, Ballinaglera, Dorrusawillin, Co. Leitrim, N41RW28€495,0004 Bed3 Bath285 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=54.116124,-8.006488
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - Galway CityFair Deal Property Ltd -Galway8 Monalee Manor, Knocknacarra, Knocknacarra, Co. Galway, H91VP63€625,0005 Bed4 Bath164 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-8-monalee-manor-knocknacarra-knocknacarra-co-galway/5865714
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:164 m²Fair Deal Property, Galway's Fastest Growing Estate Agency

Are delighted to present to you for sale Number 8 Monalee Manor;

A substantial 5/6 bedroom detached residence complete with an additional one bedroom apartment located in the prized location of Ballymoneen Road in the heart of Knocknacara.

Originally constructed in 1989 and boasting a generous floor area of over 164 square meters or 1767 square feet, this home has been beautifully maintained and fully upgraded and comes with a most impressive BER of B3 which will result in major savings on energy costs and also means the home will qualify for a green mortgage with lower interest rates available to the purchasers.

On arrival you are greeted with an impressive set of electronic gates, a beautifully planted front garden along with an attractive brick façade which sets the tone for the quality of the accommodation that lies within.

The house is situated on a corner site with an extra wide side access which provides for plenty of additional parking.

A glazed porch has been added which provides a wonderful sense of light and warmth to the interior.

The entrance hallway is bright and spacious with premium quality carpet fitted throughout.

To your right is the spacious living room which is fully illuminated by the large bay window which overlooks the front of the property and features a contemporary insert stove with white timber surround.

This leads on through a set of open plan double doors to the generously proportioned kitchen diner which features upgraded kitchen units with granite stone counter tops and built-in appliances.

A conservatory has been fitted to the adjoining dining area which creates a wonderful sense of space and light to the rear of the property.

There is a single story room to the front of the property which can put to a whole host of uses including, an office, playroom or a fifth bedroom.

An ideal sized utility and a well presented guest WC completes the downstairs accommodation. 

Upstairs you are greeted with a large light filled landing which benefits from a gable window.

There are 5 bedrooms on this floor all of which are well presented an come complete with built-in wardrobes.

The two double bedrooms also benefit from ensuite bathrooms.

A fully refurbished family bathroom compete with wet-room and oversized shower completes the accommodation for this impressive family home.

The attic is particularly spacious with oceans of storage space available. It is partially floored and is currently accessible with a retractable loft ladder and is ideally laid out for conversion to additional habitable space.


To the rear of the property there is a fully self contained 1 bedroom apartment which comes with full planning permission and has a rental potential of €1000 per month and could also provide for the ideal work from home office that is completely separate from the home.

If you are looking for a spacious detached home in a prized residential location that is move in ready and comes complete with additional studio/apartment space then we suggest that you look no further than number 8 Monalee Manor situated on the Ballymoneen Road as it is certain to meet all of your wish list requirements. 

Brought to you by Fair Deal Property
The Premium Estate Agency
Without the High Fees
Because You Deserve a Fair Deal
Features: 8 Monalee Manor, Knocknacarra, Knocknacarra, Co. Galway, H91VP63€625,0005 Bed4 Bath164 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.265649,-9.117602
------------------------------
Address: Pat MulleryMullery O'Gara Estate Agents Ranelagh54 Woodbine Road, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94WF22€1,950,0004 Bed3 Bath236 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-54-woodbine-road-blackrock-co-dublin/5834018
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:236 m²Standing on a large corner site of approx. 0.30 Acres (0.12 Hectares) on Woodbine Road and Park, a very fine detached part brick family residence offering superb development potential, subject to planning permission. There is circa. 53 metres (173ft) of road frontage onto Woodbine Road. 
Internally, the accommodation while requiring modernisation and updating extends to approx. 236m2 (2,540 sqft) and offers excellent family space.

The hall door opens into a spacious reception hall with open brick fireplace, cloak room, downstairs wc and study/library. To the rear there is a sitting/family room (or guest  bedroom) with wash hand basin. Off the inner hall there is a living room with brick open fireplace and sliding doors opening through to the dining room with doors out to the lean-to-conservatory. Service hatch to kitchen from the dining room. There is a large utility store with door out to the rear garden and door to garage which houses the gas fired central heating boiler.

On the first floor, there are four generous bedrooms (two large bedrooms rear facing and two further bedrooms front facing) , a family shower room and separate wc.

Outside, to the front there is a walled garden mainly in lawn with mature trees and pedestrian pathway leading up to a terracotta tiled entrance porch, off-street parking and a garage. There are large gardens on both sides of the house offering superb potential, subject to planning permission and a sunny south facing rear garden. 

This property enjoys an enviable location in a prime residential area, ideal for those seeking convenience and accessibility. Its proximity to UCD Belfield campus is particularly advantageous for students and staff, while the easy access to the city centre makes it attractive for  as well.

Transport options are plentiful, with the QBC on Stillorgan Road and various bus routes on Rock Road providing efficient travel into the city. The Booterstown DART station is within walking distance, offering another convenient option for commuting.
Families will appreciate the selection of highly regarded schools nearby, such as Blackrock College, Willow Park, St. Michael's College, St. Andrew's College, Teresian School, Colaiste Eoin, Colaiste Iosagain, and Muckross Park.

The property also benefits from its proximity to Blackrock and Booterstown villages, where residents can enjoy a wide range of amenities, including shopping, dining, and recreational facilities. The area is well-served by sports clubs, including golf, tennis, and GAA clubs. Additionally, outdoor enthusiasts will enjoy the nearby Sandymount Strand and Blackrock Park, perfect for walks and relaxation.

Accommodation:
Reception hall: with brick open fireplace.
Cloakroom:
Downstairs wc:
Sitting Room/guest bedroom; with whb.
Living room: with brick open fireplace and sliding doors opening through to:
Dining room: with hatch to kitchen and doors out to:
Lean-to-conservatory
Kitchen:
Utility/Store: Door out to front and rear gardens.
Boiler room and Garage: which houses the gas fired central heating boiler.

Upstairs	
Landing: 	off which there are four bedrooms
Bedroom 1: 	To the rear, with tiled open fireplace and fitted wardrobes.
Bedroom 2:	To the rear, with wash hand basin, drawers beneath fitted shelving and fitted wardrobe
Bedroom 3:	To the front.
Bedroom 4:	To the the front, with whb.
Bathroom: with bath, shower attachment, whb and hot press.
Separate wc.
Features: 54 Woodbine Road, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94WF22€1,950,0004 Bed3 Bath236 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.310169,-6.209308
------------------------------
Address: Margaret FogartyRE/MAX Property Specialists23 Ard Na Cuan, Wexford, Whiterock, Co. Wexford, Y35N9V2€495,0004 Bed3 BathDetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-23-ard-na-cuan-wexford-whiterock-co-wexford/5865241
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private Treaty*Offers in excess of €495,000* RE/MAX team Fogarty are delighted to offer this stunning four bedroom detached home to the market in one of Wexford's most sought after locations. This impressive residence offers an exceptional blend of modern comfort and timeless elegance, perfect for families seeking both space and convenience. The property is presented in excellent condition throughout, offering spacious and versatile living accommodation. Downstairs rooms include a bright and spacious entrance hall, large living room with feature open fireplace with timber surround and bay window, a large contemporary kitchen with a stylish island with dining area and double doors leading to the sun lounge, one bedroom, toilet and utility room with direct access to the rear garden. Upstairs three generous sized bedrooms including the luxurious master bedroom which has an ensuite and a walk through clothes room, landing and a family bathroom complete the accommodation. Accessibility is a key feature of 23, Ard na Gcuan and is situated a mere three kilometers from Wexford Town's vibrant main street. Nearby amenities include boutique shopping, pubs, restaurants National Schools, Retail Parks, Loreto Secondary School, Min Recreational Park, the four star Whitford house Hotel and shopping centres. Outdoor pursuits include Wexford Golf Course, the wonderful Johnstown Castle and Gardens while Curracloe Beach allows for year-round enjoyment of swimming, kayaking, and fishing, as well as access to the Raven Forest Nature Reserve. Rosslare Strand and its amenities are also a short drive away. The private garden to the rear provides a tranquil and peaceful setting to relax in ideal for outdoor activities and barbeques. There is brick paved parking spaces and driveway to the front and double glazed PVC windows throughout, the heating is oil fired and the energy rating is C2. With its spacious interiors, modern amenities, and prime location, this property is perfect for those looking to settle in one of Wexford Town's most desirable areas. The estate is one of the most exclusive in Wexford Town and will appeal to families, retirees and young looking to live in a great neighbourhood. Don't miss out on this opportunity to make this wonderful property in a highly sought after location your new home. Viewing is highly recommended. Eircode: Y35 N9V2 These particulars do not constitute an offer or contract, and whilst every effort has been made in preparing all descriptions, dimensions, maps, and plans, these details should not be relied upon as fact. Dimensions / Illustrations are for guideline purposes only and not to scale. RE/MAX Property Specialists - Team Fogarty will not hold itself responsible for any inaccuracies contained therein.
Features: Virtual Tour23 Ard Na Cuan, Wexford, Whiterock, Co. Wexford, Y35N9V2€495,0004 Bed3 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.317545,-6.474882
------------------------------
Address: Johnathan JordanOnline Estate Agent.ieArtramon Cottage, Crossabeg, Co. Wexford, Y35D2F8€795,0005 Bed3 Bath270 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-artramon-cottage-crossabeg-co-wexford/5732695
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:270 m²This historic Georgian home is believed to have been the dower house built for Sir Francis Le Hunte following the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. The main house spans around 222 sq. m. (2,174 sq. ft.), offering a charming and character-filled living space on a picturesque timbered site with splendid gardens. 

"Artramon Cottage" is a remarkable early 19th-century residence set on approximately 1 acre of beautiful mature gardens. The property includes a converted old schoolhouse, now a mezzanine apartment, suitable for various uses and spans c. 48 sq.m. (c. 517 sq.ft.)

Located in Crossabeg Village, "Artramon Cottage" is conveniently just a ten-minute drive from the amenities of Wexford Town and a similar distance from the pristine sandy beach at Curracloe. Within walking distance of Crossabeg Village amenities, the property is close to a church, school, childcare facility, sports field, and public house. The property is also just 4km from Castlebridge Village.

This detached Georgian period house is set on approximately 1 acre and is a protected structure listed in the County Wexford Development Plan (Registration Number 15703243). The property exudes historical charm and character. Notable features include an Alfred Cochrane-designed front porch, original window shutters, and a murmuring stream winding through the garden with a natural pond. 

The exterior boasts extensive and beautiful gardens with a wide variety of mature trees, an old schoolhouse ideal for use as a granny flat or similar, and several useful stone-built outbuildings.

Services:

Waste percolation system; Mains water; Oil central heating; Fibre Broadband and Telephone.


Accommodation

Entrance Porch 2.11m x 1.15m 
Entrance Hall 3.79m x 1.90m 
Sitting Room 8.54m x 4.49m With feature fireplace, solid fuel stove. 
'The Sirs Room' (Study) 3.90m x 2.89m 
Living Room 5.48m x 4.69m With feature fireplace, granite surround, solid fuel burning stove. Kitchen 4.84m x 2.62m With fitted wall and floor units, Belfast sink, double oven and hob, dishwasher, fridge freezer.
Breakfast Room 3.25m x 3.11m 
Rear Hall 2.69m x 1.82m 
Utility Area 2.29m x 1.13m 
Shower Room 2.30m x 1.35m With w.c., w.h.b. and shower stall. 

Stairs to First Floor With spacious landing area. 
Master Bedroom (Including Ensuite) 5.55m x 3.81m With fitted wardrobes & ensuite with w.c., w.h.b., clawfoot bath-shower.
Bedroom 2 3.87m x 2.98m With fitted wardrobes. 
Rear Hall 2.65m x 1.16m 
Bedroom 3 3.85m x 2.86m With fitted wardrobes. 
Bedroom 4 2.69m x 2.66m 

Total Floor Area: c. 222 sq.m. (c. 2,174 sq.ft.) 


Old Schoolhouse 
Entrance Porch leading to : Open Plan Living Room/Dining Room 5.63m x 4.64m 
Shower Room 2.41m x 2.20m With w.c., w.h.b. and shower stall. 
Kitchen 2.81m x 1.35m With fitted wall and floor units. Spiral Staircase from Living Room to: Bedroom 4.18m x 3.03m 

Floor Area: c. 48 sq.m. (c. 517 sq.ft.)


Features:

200 year old period Georgian residence. 
Sought after location. 
Easy access to Dublin Wexford motorway (M11). 
Charm and character in abundance. 
Original window shutters
Electric front gates


Directions:

Proceed to from the N11 to Crossabeg. In Crossabeg Village take the Castlebridge Road. The property is 200m on the right hand side.
Features: Artramon Cottage, Crossabeg, Co. Wexford, Y35D2F8€795,0005 Bed3 Bath270 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.382449,-6.496735
------------------------------
Address: Pat Conroy AuctioneersPat ConroyPat Conroy Auctioneers24 Grange Hall, Mountmellick, Mountmellick, Co. Laois, R32AV66€420,0006 Bed4 BathSemi-DViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-24-grange-hall-mountmellick-mountmellick-co-laois/5863213
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyA property that must be viewed to really appreciate its true value.
Pat Conroy Auctioneers are delighted to present the unique opportunity to acquire this special property. A five bed room property in total with a totally self contained two bedroom adjoining. Grange Hall is lovely neighbourhood to reside in with a strong sense of community. This property is a nicely appointed end property, as such it comes with exceptional outside space. Centrally located, a sought-after location. This property is an ideal family home or guaranteed added  investment potential. It is less than a ten-minute walk to the local shopping centre, all schools, church and local amenities. 
Convenience store located just around the corner.
Layout consists of –  Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen Dinning, Utility Room, Ground Floor Toilet, Three Bedrooms With A Master En Suite  and First Floor Family Bathroom.
Self Contained Property - Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen Dining, Ground Floor Toilet, Two Double Bedrooms and Family Bathroom.
Ample private parking for numerous vehicles, beautiful front, and rear gardens. As an end property an extra large drive and garden is provided.

Mountmellick is a vibrant town with lots to offer, over forty various clubs and groups offering a range of sporting activities and hobbies.
Exceptional schools.
All dimensions are square feet.

Internal Layout.
Entrance Hall:  17 x 6.
A lovely entrance hall.
Ceramic tiling, flowing through to the kitchen dining and utility.
Decorative corniced ceiling with centre rose.
Smoke alarm.
Phone point.
Staircase to the landing.
Very convenient under stairs storage.
Accessing kitchen dining, living and recreation space.

Living Room: 15 x 15.
A beautiful spacious living room.
Front facing onto an extensive green space.
Dressed feature bay window.
Dual alcoves.
Attractive fire place.
Corniced ceiling with centre rose.
Beech flooring.
Tv points.


Kitchen Dining: 14 x 12.
Rear facing onto a beautiful garden.
Accessed both through the entrance hall and French doors from the rear.
Ceramic tiled flooring.
A generous, bright spacious kitchen dining.
Solid ash fully fitted kitchen with ample units, work counter space and sockets.
Beautifully splashback.
Appliances included are an electric oven, hob, extractor, fridge freezer microwave and dish washer.

Utility Room: An exceptional utility room.
Completed to a high standard as per the kitchen.
Ceramic tiling flowing through the kitchen.
Solid ash built in units, work counter, sink unit.
Dryer included.


Ground Floor Family Bathroom: 5 x 5.
So convenient.
Ceramic tiling.
White suite, toilet, and wash hand basin.
Built in storage unit, shelved 3 x 3.


Landing: 15 x 6.
Accessing three bedrooms, family bathroom and attic.
Beech flooring.
Hot press.
Styra attic access.
Smoke alarm.
Sky light.

First Floor Family Bathroom: 9 x 6.
Exquisitely fully tiled floor to ceiling.
Rear facing.
White suite – Bath with integrated ornate shower taps, toilet and wash hand basin.
Myra Elite Shower unit.
Mirror, shaver, shelving and wall mounts.


Master En Suite Double Bedroom – 12 x 11.
Rear facing.
Oak flooring.
Generous wall to wall  floor to ceiling built in wardrobes.
TV Point.
Phone point.

En Suite: 9 x 3.
Fully tiled floor to ceiling, quiet attractive.
White suite, wash hand basin and wc.
Triton T90 Sr Electric Shower.


Bedroom: 12 – x 9.
Front facing.
Generous floor to ceiling built in wardrobes.
Oak style flooring.

Bedroom 3 – 10 x 8’6.
Front facing.
Oak style flooring.
Wardrobes & mirror.




Internal Layout self contained annex.

Entrance Hall:  15 x 5.
Again a lovely entrance hall.
Ceramic tiling, flowing through to the kitchen dining.
Decorative corniced ceiling with centre rose.
Spot lighting.
Hot press.
Staircase to the landing.
Very convenient under stairs storage.
Accessing kitchen dining, living and ground floor toilet.

Living Room: 15 x 12.
A beautiful spacious living room.
Front facing onto an extensive green space.
Feature bay window with inserted spot lighting.
Corniced ceiling with centre rose.
Beech flooring.
Tv points.
Phone point.


Kitchen Dining: 11 x 9.
Rear facing onto a beautiful garden.
Accessed through entrance hall.
Ceramic tiled flooring flowing through from the entrance hall.
A generous, bright spacious kitchen dining.
Attractive Coral fully fitted kitchen with ample units, work counter space and sockets.
Beautifully splashback.
Appliances included are an electric oven, hob, extractor, fridge freezer and dish washer.


Ground Floor Family Bathroom: 9 x 3.
Again so convenient.
Ceramic tiling flowing through from the entrance hall.
White suite, toilet, and wash hand basin.


Landing: 8 x 4.
Accessing two double bedrooms, family bathroom and attic.
Beech flooring.
Styra attic access.
Smoke alarm.
Corniced ceiling.
Spot lighting.
Side aspect.

First Floor Family Bathroom: 10 x 5.
Exquisitely fully tiled floor to ceiling.
Rear facing.
White suite – Bath, toilet and wash hand basin.
Triton T90 SR Shower unit.
Mirror, shaver, shelving and wall mounts.

Bedroom: 15 – x 12.
Front facing.
Generous Coral floor to ceiling built in wardrobes.
Beech flooring.
Alcove window.
Corniced ceiling with centre rose.

Bedroom: 10 x 9.
Rear facing.
Corniced ceiling with centre rose.
Beech flooring.

Remember Two Properties Included. A three bedroom residence with an additional completely self contained two bedroom house.

FEATURES:

•	An elegantly styled home.
•	Brightly styled interiors.
•	Fully Double Glazed
•	Ample Private Off-Road Parking, on a concrete laid drive for several vehicles.
•	Only a ten-minute walk to all shop’s schools and amenities.
•	Extensive front and rear gardens.
•	Garden shed.
•	Oil tank and burner.
•	Concrete laid paths.
•	Outside tap.
Blocked boundary wall with mature hedging.
Features: 24 Grange Hall, Mountmellick, Mountmellick, Co. Laois, R32AV66€420,0006 Bed4 BathSemi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.114859,-7.317659
------------------------------
Address: Mike GlynnPat Callanan Property Sales Ltd.Gortbrackmoor, Ahascragh, Ahascragh, Co. Galway, H53PX20€599,0006 Bed4 Bath330 m²DetachedEnergy EfficientADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-gortbrackmoor-ahascragh-ahascragh-co-galway/5863671
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:330 m²Introducing an exceptional family home that stands out in the market, this impressive residence spans over c.330sq m, and is set on a beautifully landscaped site. Discerning buyers will appreciate the meticulous attention to detail and high standards of finish throughout the property, which is offered in turnkey condition.
This remarkable home features underfloor heating on both levels, a stunning central staircase with marble accents, and a gourmet kitchen equipped with solid countertops, a large breakfast bar, a barbecue hob, a Gaggenau oven, and a built-in Miele coffee machine. The main bedroom boasts a spacious walk-in wardrobe, while the main bathroom includes a luxurious jacuzzi bath, and the en-suite features a steam shower.
Additional highlights include stair access to the attic, a large detached garage, and a paved patio area at the rear. The property is approached via a tarmac driveway leading to elegant iron gates. For those who work from home, high-speed fiber broadband is already connected.
Conveniently located within commuting distance to both Athlone and Galway, the home is also just a five-minute drive from the train station and close to Ballinasloe town. Families will appreciate the proximity to both national and secondary schools, as well as various local sports clubs.
This property truly needs to be seen to be fully appreciated. To schedule a viewing, please contact Pat Callanan Property Sales.


ACCOMMODATION

Entrance Hall
5.23m x 4.55m  (17.16ft x 14.93ft)
Tiles to floor, Marble finish to stairs, coving to ceiling, centre stairs

Living Room
10.43m x 4.63m  (34.22ft x 15.19ft)
Carpet to floor, coving, recess lighting, marble surround open fireplace

Other - Bar
3.72m x 4.68m  (12.20ft x 15.35ft)
Bar Area - Tiles to floor, timber to ceiling, fitted bar area, patio door access to Patio area

Kitchen
5.02m x 5.49m  (16.47ft x 18.01ft)
Tiles to floor, large breakfast counter with electric hob, Barboue integrated oven and microwave, integrated dishwasher and large fridge freezer. Also has Gaggenau oven to centre island, large fully fitted kitchen to all walls of the room, fitted Miele coffee machine.

Utility Room
3.72m x 2.06m  (12.20ft x 6.76ft)
Tiles to floor, fitted units with sink, dryer & washing machine, tiles to walls

Dining Room
3.51m x 4.86m  (11.52ft x 15.94ft)
Carpet to floor, coving to ceiling, patio door access to rear patio area

TV Room
4.38m x 3.70m  (14.37ft x 12.14ft)
Carpet to floor 

Guest WC
1.90m x 1.35m  (6.23ft x 4.43ft)
Tiles to floor and walls

Study/Bedroom 6
Carpet to floor

Landing
6.60m x 4.07m  (21.65ft x 13.35ft)
Carpet to floor, coving, recess lighting

Bedroom 1
4.12m x 3.37m  (13.52ft x 11.06ft)
Carpet to floor, coving. fitted wardrobes

 
Bedroom 2
3.66m x 4.22m  (12.01ft x 13.85ft)
Carpet to floor, coving, fitted wardrobes, ensuite 

En-Suite 1
1.64m x 1.64m  (5.38ft x 5.38ft)
Tiles to floor and walls, corner shower

Bedroom 3
3.44m x 3.48m  (11.29ft x 11.42ft)
Carpet to floor, coving, fitted wardrobes

Bedroom 4
4.61m x 3.71m  (15.12ft x 12.17ft)
Carpet to floor, coving, ensuite, walk in wardrobe

En-Suite 2
1.63m x 2.85m  (5.35ft x 9.35ft)
Tiles to floor and walls, large steam shower

Walk in Wardrobe
1.75m x 2.97m  (5.74ft x 9.74ft)
Carpet to floor, fitted units

Bedroom 5
3.48m x 2.85m  (11.42ft x 9.35ft)
Carpet to floor, coving, fitted units 


Bathroom
3.81m x 3.00m  (12.50ft x 9.84ft)
Tiles to floor and walls, large jacuzzi bath, double shower, bidet, double wash hand basins.

Landing
2.60m x 3.87m  (8.53ft x 12.70ft)
Carpet to floor

Attic Room 1
2.95m x 3.35m  (9.68ft x 10.99ft)
Carpet to floor, Velux window

Attic Room 2
2.56m x 2.64m  (8.40ft x 8.66ft)
Carpet to floor, Velux window

Attic Room 3
2.56m x 5.75m  (8.40ft x 18.86ft)
Carpet to floor, Velux window

WC
1.45m x 2.03m  (4.76ft x 6.66ft)
Tiles to floor and walls, Velux window
Features: Gortbrackmoor, Ahascragh, Ahascragh, Co. Galway, H53PX20€599,0006 Bed4 Bath330 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.377472,-8.280095
------------------------------
Address: Robert Wall*Kelly Walsh6 Watson Place, Dublin 16, Rathfarnham, Dublin 16, D16X8Y7€1,500,0004 Bed4 Bath201 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-6-watson-place-dublin-16-rathfarnham-dublin-16/5860521
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:201 m²***Show House With Full Contents Included***

Located within the Watson Place development, No.6 is a stunning 4-bedroom detached house spread over three spacious floors. This fully fitted show house comes complete with all furniture, fixtures and fittings. The property is an A-rated home ensuring both comfort and sustainability.

Set amidst the grounds of Ballyroan House, Watson Place is a contemporary new scheme of 17 A- rated homes all planned around the centre piece Ballyroan House which, in addition to the new builds, will be sensitively restored.

Homeland have pushed the boundaries of modern design while also keeping the needs of today’s family in mind. The scheme has been designed with exceptional attention to detail, which begins on the external facades and has been carried inside throughout the homes.

The contemporary elevations, extensive glazing and modern design of the roof pitch provides Watson Place with the exclusivity the development deserves. The open plan kitchens, family living area and bedrooms have all been generously proportioned. The homes also benefit from large private rear gardens and generous parking.

Watson Place provides a range of layouts and price points. All of the homes have private parking/driveways and rear gardens.

The new build 2 bedroom homes are 80 sq.m and the 4 bedroom homes, which comprise from terrace to detached range in size from 176sq.m to 204sq.m.

Watson Place is located a short distance from the villages of Rathfarnham and Templeogue Village, which is host to a wide variety of local amenities, eateries and bars for local entertainment. The development also benefits from the nearby award winning Dundrum Town Centre and its excellent shopping and leisure facilities, as well as the local shops at Ballyroan. Nutgrove Retail Park, Shopping Centre and Business Park are also close to hand.

The transport links in the areas are second to none with the M50 motorway within easy access and a QBC corridor is on the doorstep, with numerous bus routes to and from Dublin City Centre. Families will also appreciate the choice of schools at both primary and secondary level in the area, including Ballyroan Boys National School, Coláiste Éanna, Christian Brothers Secondary School, Scoil Naomh Padraig and Sancta Maria College to name but a few.

The show house, which has been designed by Avenue Interior Design, is now on view by appointment only.

If you require any further information or would like to arrange a viewing, please contact the New Homes Team on 01-6645500.
Features: 6 Watson Place, Dublin 16, Rathfarnham, Dublin 16, D16X8Y7€1,500,0004 Bed4 Bath201 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.287193,-6.30525
------------------------------
Address: Wade Wise ASCSIBeirne & Wise Estate Agents29 Holly Park Avenue, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94DH24€1,025,0005 Bed3 Bath188 m²DetachedOpen from Oct 19thSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-29-holly-park-avenue-blackrock-blackrock-co-dublin/5863199
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:188 m²No. 29 Holly Park Avenue is an impressive, detached residence ideally located in this mature and much sought after neighbourhood of Holly Park, Blackrock. Extending to a very generous (188sq.m/2023sq.ft) the property benefits from a two storey side extension which offers great flexibility for a growing family. 

The bright light filled interior feature large windows throughout with versatile accommodation. Downstairs there is a large entrance hall, two interconnecting reception rooms and a kitchen/dining room. The side extension comprises a third reception room (which could also be used as a bedroom) together with a wet room and utility giving the option of easily creating a separate suite or home office/ consulting room. Upstairs there are five bedrooms, the main ensuite and a family shower room. 

A particular feature are the private and wonderfully mature rear gardens which extend to approx. 27m/88ft in length and will appeal to those with young children. 

This established and mature location has a wealth of excellent local amenities at hand; local shops, Hollypark National Schools and the French Primary School are on your doorstep, together with Granada FC and Springhill Tennis Club and playground. There is a QBC Bus Route on the N11 and the DART in Blackrock.   The villages of Blackrock and Deansgrange are only a short walk away, each with a range of shopping amenities, parks and local libraries.

ACCOMMODATION

RECEPTION HALL
Spacious hallway with polished timber floor. Stairs to first floor.  Cloakroom cupboard. Double doors to: 

LIVING ROOM
5.25m x 3.85m
Bright room with a large bay window to the front aspect.  Feature open fireplace with hardwood mantle. Polished timber floor. Double doors to:

FAMILY ROOM
4.30m x 3.95m
Sliding door to garden. Polished timber floor. Fireplace with multi fuel stove.

KITCHEN/DINING ROOM
3.30m x 4.36m
Fitted with a range wall and base units with tiled work tops over. Stainless steel sink unit. Electric double oven and hob with extractor fan over. Tiled splashbacks. Plumbing for dishwasher. Tiled floor. Window overlooking the rear gardens. 

RECEPTION ROOM 3
3.10m x 4.60m 
This versatile room could be used as an additional bedroom or a reception room. Bay window to the front aspect. Polished timber floor. 

WET ROOM
2.50m x 3.80m
Large wet room with shower, W.C. wash hand basin and heated towel rail. Tiled walls and floor. 

UTILITY ROOM 
3.10m x 2.44m 
Fitted with wall and base units with work tops over.  Hot press. Window to rear aspect. Door to gardens. Gas boiler serving the heating system. 

FIRST FLOOR LANDING 
Spacious landing with access via pull down ladder to the Attic. 

BEDROOM 1
3.08m x 5.40m 
Polished timber floor. Window to the rear aspect.

ENSUITE
Shower cubicle with Aquastream shower, W.C. and wash hand basin. Heated towel rail. Tiled walls and floor. Window to the front aspect

BEDROOM 2
3.20m (max) x 3.45m
Polished timber floor. Window to the front aspect.

BEDROOM 3 
4.15m x 3.45m
Polished timber floor. Two windows to the front aspect.

BEDROOM 4
3.08m x 4.05m
Polished timber floor. Window to the rear aspect. 

BEDROOM 5
2.46m x 2.30m
Currently used as a home office. Window to the front aspect. 

FAMILY SHOWER ROOM
Shower cubicle with Aquastream shower, W.C. and wash hand basin. Heated towel rail. Tiled walls and floor. Window to the rear aspect 

OUTSIDE
To the front of the house there is mature hedge screening to the boundaries. A stone paved drive provides off street parking.  There is pedestrian side access to the wonderfully mature private rear garden.  There is a stone paved sun terrace and path which leads down to the lawn with mature hedging to the perimeter. Variety of well-established shrubs and trees. Two timber garden sheds with pantile roof.
Features: Video29 Holly Park Avenue, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94DH24€1,025,0005 Bed3 Bath188 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.281437,-6.176761
------------------------------
Address: Sherry O'CallaghanO'Callaghan Town And Country Real EstateGlencollins Upper, Ballydesmond, Co. Cork, P51P6D9€375,0004 Bed3 BathDetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-glencollins-upper-ballydesmond-co-cork/5518554
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyThis is the IDEAL family home. It is spacious, bright, warm and welcoming. 

This beautiful property, situated on C.2.0 acres is sprawling and offers all the space you will ever need for children, pets and any hobbies you may have. You could even turn the rooms on the back of a garage into a home office/ workspace.

The home has been well maintained and it shows. It is as neat as a pin inside and out; it features 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 2 sitting rooms (1 with a lovely open fireplace) and a large eat-in, country kitchen. 

The property is located on the outskirts of Ballydesmond, which offers the added convenience of important amenities close by. The driving distance into such places as Killarney, Tralee and even Cork City are very respectable.

This is a spectacular home, it needs to be seen to be truly appreciated. Book your viewing today!
Features: VideoVirtual TourGlencollins Upper, Ballydesmond, Co. Cork, P51P6D9€375,0004 Bed3 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.171191,-9.217947
------------------------------
Address: Joe Beirne MSCSI MRICSBeirne & Wise Estate AgentsHenley Cottage, Churchtown Road Upper, Churchtown, Dublin 14, D14X5C9€1,595,0004 Bed3 Bath245 m²Semi-DEnergy EfficientADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-henley-cottage-churchtown-road-upper-churchtown-dublin-14/5329829
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:245 m²"EXQUISITE" aptly describes this handsome Victorian Villa style residence, which has recently been extended to exacting standards under the watchful eye of its current owners.

Enjoying a wonderful sense of seclusion both inside and out, Henley Cottage (built circa 1860's) is a truly unique property, retaining many of its Victorian features coupled with a pared-back classic contemporary interior resulting in an ultra-comfortable, light filled home of great character.

Unconventional in layout and full of surprises, this exceptional property offers potential buyers a home in truly "Turn Key" condition. High specification materials, exemplary craftsmanship, bespoke fit-out and more than a touch of imagination and creativity are the key elements of this successful transformation.  The accommodation comprises; hall, reception hall, living room, dining room,  garden room, kitchen/breakfast room,  guest wc, laundry,  four bedrooms - two of which are at  ground floor level - one with adjoining  wc and  one with en-suite and a family bathroom on the first floor. There is also a fully insulated, separate home office/gym in the front courtyard. 

The location needs little introduction, with an enviable range of facilities at hand; excellent local shops, within minutes of Dundrum Town Centre, Rathgar and Terenure. New by-pass roads make the M50 highly accessible while the LUAS makes light work of the short commute to the city centre and beyond.  The Castle and Milltown golf clubs are nearby as well as a selection of parks to include Bushy, Dartry and Marlay Park.



ACCOMMODATION

HALL                                                        
Original entrance with high coved ceiling (2.96 m high) oak flooring leads to;

RECEPTION HALL 
3.73m x 3.52m 
Light filled room with recessed cast iron log burning stove, limed oak flooring, painted timber wainscoting cleverly conceals under stairs cloaks closet and closet for control systems, open to;
           
DRAWING ROOM
3.66m x 4.13m 
Sunny aspect, with coved ceiling, original ceiling rose, picture lighting, oak flooring, feature antique cast iron fireplace, refurbished double glazed sash windows with shutters and recessed shelving.

DINING ROOM
3.66m x 4.13m 
Entered via double doors, coved high ceiling, picture lighting, oak flooring, feature cast iron fireplace, refurbished double glazed sash windows with shutters and recessed shelving unit, door to; 

KITCHEN/ BREAKFAST ROOM 
4.30m x 6.90m 
Visually stunning room with dual aspect with French doors to front and back gardens. Bespoke cutting edge kitchen with sleek low level units incorporating Neff integrated dishwasher, oven and induction hob, with double oven AGA, split level island unit with oak work surfaces incorporating a dining area. Two tier ceiling levels with a series of three roof lights, recessed down lighters, oak flooring and attractive period style display cabinet, Access to

PANTRY
Space for large fridge/freezer and open shelving.

LOBBY /CORRIDOR 
Houses boiler with storage / shelving and corridor links rear courtyard garden to the kitchen. There is tiled flooring, twin roof lights and wall lighting.

LIVING/GARDEN ROOM
6.71m x 5.70 MAX
A stunning, sun soaked, multi-purpose reception room with room for dining, sitting, reading and watching TV. There is a striking centre panelled feature wall with two gas fires inset on either side, oak flooring, a central skylight, wall lighting and it has double doors and extensive windows to the beautiful patio and front garden with a selection of specimen planting and seating areas. There is high end joinery and windows here by Lambstongue. There is access to:

BEDROOM FOUR
4.51m x 4.48m
A beautiful light filled, double room with a guest wc en-suite. 

REAR LOBBY
Fully glazed roof, illuminating the entire area, tiled flooring. 


GUEST WC
Luxuriously appointed, tiled with concealed cistern wc, vanity unit, basin, with monochrome tap and mirror with lighting above. Sensor controlled fan with heated chrome towel rail.

LAUNDRY 
1.62m x 2.02m 
Plumbed for washing machine and access to Hot Press.


BEDROOM ONE
2.91m x 4.18m 
Double size room with extensive bespoke wardrobes, bedside wall lighting, access to;

ENSUITE 
Luxuriously appointed and fully tiled with wall mounted concealed cistern wc, vanity unit and basin, monochrome tap, mist proof mirror with lighting above, walk in wet room style shower with drench shower and separate hand held shower head and chrome heated towel rail.

FIRST FLOOR

LANDING 
With roof light, built in storage unit and carpeted staircase.

BEDROOM TWO
2.74m x 3.48m
Double size room with extensive bespoke wardrobes with wall mounted bedside lighting. 

BEDROOM THREE
2.74m x 3.48m
This is also a generous double room, with built in wardrobes and wall mounted bedside lighting. 

BATHROOM
Spacious, superbly appointed, fully tiled with suite comprising: bath with drench shower, separate hand held shower head, vanity unit whb with monochrome tap, mist proof mirror and lighting above, wall mounted concealed cistern wc and heated chrome towel rail. 

GARDEN
Electronically operated painted cedar wood vehicular and pedestrian gates lead to courtyard style garden with a southerly aspect 18m x 12.8m approx. with perimeter planter beds, stocked with an abundance of flowering shrubs and specimen trees. It is enclosed on three sides capturing the fragrances of the flowers in the interspersed flower beds.  Designed with ease of maintenance in mind, there is a large gravelled area with plenty of parking. The sheltered patio area is perfectly positioned for soaking up the sun. The walled rear courtyard style garden is the perfect place for Al Fresco dining, totally secluded and accessed from the Kitchen/Breakfast Room. Again the patio area is laid in Portis non slip limestone style tiling - matching the internal tiled flooring. All external areas have full outdoor lighting, sockets and water supply. There is a feature open fireplace with a recessed fire pit. Both front and rear gardens feature bespoke yellow light wall lanterns inspired by those in the Phoenix Park.

SITE AREA: 510 square metres (5,490 square feet) approx.




VIEWING By appointment with Joe Beirne on 01 2962444.
Features: VideoHenley Cottage, Churchtown Road Upper, Churchtown, Dublin 14, D14X5C9€1,595,0004 Bed3 Bath245 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.295859,-6.258195
------------------------------
Address: Property Partners Garrett LoftusProperty Partners Garrett LoftusStone Haven House Ballymoghany, Inniscrone, Enniscrone, Co. Sligo, F26FF64€675,0005 Bed4 Bath275 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-stone-haven-house-ballymoghany-inniscrone-enniscrone-co-sligo/5796015
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:275 m²Stone Haven House is a luxurious & exceptionally spacious residence boasting many fine features including generous reception rooms, large custom solid painted oak kitchen; 5 en-suite bedrooms plus many other notable features including coving etc.
Built 15 years ago under architect supervision extending to c. 2,985 sq ft to the highest standards of workmanship & craftsmanship, leaving nothing to do but walk in.

The magnificent décor throughout is further enhanced by the top-quality curtains, timber & tile flooring offering every day modern comforts; making this exclusive home in turnkey condition. 
The residence is accessed through stone walled entrance & timber fencing which open to an attractive sweeping gravel driveway, flanked by large lawns. Entrance wired for electric gates.

Large Garage/Workshop offers enormous potential & could be converted to separate apartment, home office, gym etc.  
Also has the benefit of large shed to rear suitable for a variety of uses ie workshop, horse boxes, or any business use.
The house stands on c. 2.87 acres of land, giving it enormous potential & endless possibilities as a family home or for use as an exclusive summer home. 

Located in a desirable & beautiful countryside setting having views over the Atlantic Ocean with the advantage of Enniscrone championship Golf Course, 5 km of golden Beach literally on your doorstep. 
10 mins drive from Ballina town. Sligo town c. 30 mins drive. Knock Airport c. 45 mins away.

The quality of this home plus the sheer beauty & size of the grounds makes it one of the best properties to be offered for sale & those seeking to live close to Enniscrone will rarely come across a comparable property.
To appreciate the true elegance of this property inspection is highly recommended to interested parties. Viewing is Strictly by appointment with Sole Selling Agents.

The Building
Constructed of Molloy concrete block on flat. Hollow core concrete flooring. Maintenance free coloured plaster and stone fronted elevations with granite corner stones. 
Insulated to high spec kingspan insulation between blocks and also all internal external walls insulated with kingspan slabs. 
Slate roof. Light filled property with senator windows and granite window sills; slide and sash double glazed windows to the front of the property. 

Breif description of Accommodation:
Ground floor
Hallway: 4.1 x4.2 and 1.2x 5.7 back hallway - vaulted ceiling and feature staircase, porcelian cream tile

Sitting room: 4.8 x 5.6  feature bay window, coving, custom Wren marble fireplace with Waterford Stanley cara non boiler insert stove, solid oak floor

Bedroom 1:  4.8 x 4.5 feature bay window, coving, solid oak flooring

Main bathroom/ ensuite: 2.1 x 3.4, floor to ceiling tiled and slipper bath with quality bathroom suite
 
Cloak room: 3.5 x1.2  porcelian tile

Utility room: 3.5 x 1.9 porclein tile, fitted units, sink and under sink water heater 

Open plan kitchen and dining room: 4.4 x 9.6  large solid oak painted kitchen and island with granite work tops and all units have soft close cabinets, porcelian tiles, patio door in dining area  

Living Area: open plan off kitchen 4.7 x 4.7 vaulted ceilings with 4  velux windows and large feature window, Canadia laminate flooring wide board. Hamco 30 kw boiler stove with custom solid oak painted fireplace and mirror

First Floor
Landing/Hallway: 1.3 x 5.8 solid oak floor, painted staircase, vaulted ceiling

Bedroom 2:  Master bedroom: 4.1 x4.8  Panelled feature wall, oak solid floor

Ensuite: 2.9 x 2.9  Floor to ceiling tiles, Merlyn 8 series rimless shower doors, Pelipal vanity & wall storage units, grohe shower, blue tooth music system and motion sensor led lights fitted under vanity, electric underfloor heating  

Bedroom 3: 4 x 4.8 solid oak floor

Ensuite: 1.5 x 2.6 floor to ceiling tiles,  Merlyn series 8 rimless shower doors with Mira shower  towel radiator, led mirror with demister

Bedroom 4: 4.7 x 4.8  solid oak floor, windows fitted with 3 new roman blinds

Ensuite: 2 x 3 Jack and Jill ensuite shared with bedroom 5, High end flair shower door and grohe shower  sonas vanity and wall storage unit, led mirror with demister

Bedroom 5: 4.7 x 3.5 solid oak floor

Outside:
Large gardens front, rear & side giving ample scope.
Garage built with kingspan in between the blocks, so could easily be converted to apartment, office or gym.
Also to the rear of the site is a american style barn extending to 2800 sq ft with a drive thru access, which includes 2 horse stable and tack room with loads of open space for storage for camper-van or boats, offers enormous potential for work shop or commercial unit.

LOCATION:
Enniscrone has developed into one of the most popular seaside resorts in Ireland and some of attractions include 5km of Blue Flag sandy beach; 18-hole championship golf links, Enniscrone Waterpoint leisure centre, the renowned Kilcullen's seaweed and steam baths, cliff walkway, castle walkway and numerous pubs and restaurants.  

Easkey C. 6 miles away which is renowned for its Windsurfing.
Within easy accessibility of Ballina town centre & all its amenities
Once in a lifetime opportunity to have the beach almost at your doorstep


Amenities/Activities
Within the local area there is a large and diverse range of sporting & recreational activities available such as fishing, windsurfing, paddle boarding, a host of golf courses within 15 miles radius with Enniscrone Golf Course in close proximity, walking, and water sports, etc.
Features: VideoStone Haven House Ballymoghany, Inniscrone, Enniscrone, Co. Sligo, F26FF64€675,0005 Bed4 Bath275 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=54.196641,-9.073088
------------------------------
Address: Deborah Kingsley-BerminghamJ. P. & M. Doyle - BlessingtonCrosscool House On c. 1.1 Acres, Edmondstown, Blessington, Co. Wicklow, W91C9C5€595,0004 Bed2 Bath176 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-crosscool-house-on-c-1-1-acres-edmondstown-blessington-co-wicklow/5852683
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:176 m²Imposing two storey period residence well set back from the road. The house oozes charm and character, and as you turn in through the gated and pillared entrance you are struck by a sense of space as you approach the house. On entering, you have to love the big bright entrance hall complete with large doorway and fanlight overhead. The drawing room is on your right as you enter.  A large and spacious room, double aspect with all the light and character you'd expect.  To the left, as you enter, there is a more cosy living room complete with fireplace and plenty of natural light. The kitchen / dining room are to the back of the house with country style units fitting for a property of this ere.  The ground floor visitor's W.C is located to the rear access hall, as is the small snug or office room.  
Heading upstairs, the landing area is inviting and interesting. There are 4 bedrooms on this floor, with high ceilings and large windows overlooking the gardens and surrounding fields. A family bathroom and separate W.C completes the accommodation. The gardens  are mainly to the front and side. There are three garages, one attached to the house which could be incorporated into the house (subject to PP) and two other garages hidden away to the side of the house. These could be used for storage or would make a great workshop. 

LOCATION:
'Crosscool House'' is situated on a mature site with large front lawn and mature trees of many specimens. Located in a most convenient location on the Dublin side of Blessington, the property is surrounded by many  towns & villages that offer all conveniences one could ask for. The property sits conveniently close to Blessington, Manor Kilbride, Rathmore, Kiteel and Naas. The  Local amenities include horse riding, hill walking, GAA, while the Blessington Lakes offer an abundance of extra curricular activities such as fishing, canoeing & sailing. The golf enthusiast is well served with courses closeby at at Tulfarris, Rathsallagh, Citywest, Palmerstown and Naas, not forgetting the renowned K Club at Straffan. Racing in Punchestown, Naas and the Curragh are all within a short drive. For socializing there are numerous pubs and eateries all within close proximity . Commuters have the benefit of the N81 and M50 being easily accessible. The 65 in will take you to Dublin while the Luas park and ride at Saggart is only a short spin. 
Blessington: 	c. 2.1 kms.     Naas:  c. 14.5 kms.    Dublin:  c. 27.5 kms. 

ACCOMMODATION
HALL	7.19m x 2.22m 	With wooden flooring & under-stairs storage.

LIVING ROOM	9.91m x 3.76m 	With wooden flooring, marble fireplace with wood surround.

DINING ROOM	3.85m x 2.37m 	With wooden flooring & Stanley range.

KITCHEN	3.63m x 2.89m 	With country style fitted kitchen units & wooden flooring.

BACK HALL	3.24m x 1.19m 	With tiled flooring & door to gardens.

W.C.	1.66m x 0.86m 	With tiled walls. W.C with overhead cistern & W.H.B.

STUDY	3.35m x 2.23m 	

DRAWING ROOM	4.62m x 3.80m 	With double aspect with open fire with brick surround.

UPSTAIRS		Landing & Hotpress.

W.C	1.44m x 1.34m 	With W.C., W.H.B & tiled walls.

BATHROOM	2.54m x 2.29m 	With corner bath, W.C. &  W.H.B. Tiled walls.

BEDROOM 1 (FRONT)	4.42m x 3.52m 	With sink & vanity unit.

BEDROOM 2 (FRONT)	2.46m x 2.83m 	

BEDROOM 3 (FRONT)	3.56m x 3.74m 	

BEDROOM 4 (BACK)	3.42m x 3.44m 	With built in wardrobes.
		
OUTSIDE
Large lawned gardens.
Three garages.
Boiler House.
Heating: Oil Fired Central Heating.
Waters: Mains.
Sewage: Septic Tank.
Features: Crosscool House On c. 1.1 Acres, Edmondstown, Blessington, Co. Wicklow, W91C9C5€595,0004 Bed2 Bath176 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.185976,-6.520688
------------------------------
Address: J. P. & M DoyleJ. P. & M. DoyleGreyfort, Ballydonarea, Greystones, Co. Wicklow, A63HK81€1,490,0005 Bed4 Bath350 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-greyfort-ballydonarea-kilcoole-co-wicklow/5860110
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:350 m²LOCATION:
Set in a glorious, tranquil setting just off Sea Road only minutes\\\\\\\' walk from Kilcoole town, situated in a perfect location within walking distance of Kilcoole Beach and town centre. 
Sea Road one of the most desirable locations in Kilcoole as it is one of the most picturesque & scenic locations in the area.
Kilcoole is a coastal village with many facilities such as a new secondary school, local shopping centre, two primary schools, pubs, church and the world-class Druid\\\\\\\'s Glen Marriott Hotel & Golf course. 
Just 2 miles from the N11 with its new link to the M50 and 18 miles from Dublin City, Kilcoole is a perfect location for the commuter. 
Kilcoole is served by bus and mainline train routes to the City Centre and also to Greystones where the DART is situated.

DESCRIPTION:
Greyfort in an imposing Two storey stone fronted A3 Rated residence built in 2014 to a high standard, set in landscaped gardens in a glorious, tranquil setting off Sea Road. 
This is truly a magnificent modern and charming house situated in a perfect location within walking distance of Kilcoole Beach and village centre. 
The house extends to 350 Square Metres and boasts high ceiling, solid oak doors, oak flooring throughout, air to water under floor heating, triple glazed windows.  The house is built on the grounds of stone walled gardens with enclosed stable yard and buildings with Coach House, Feed House, 13 Stables & stores and surrounded by Two paddocks.


ACCOMMODATION:

GROUND FLOOR:
Hall/ Reception Area: 	5.10 x 4.01 		Vaulted Ceiling, ornate carved oak staircase,
					                                panelled walls, oak flooring.

Cloakroom: 			3.27 x 2.13 		Panelled walls, oak flooring.

Guest WC: 			2.51 x 1.74 		WC, WHB, tiled flooring, panelled walls.

Drawing Room: 		6.84 x 5.80 		Feature marble fireplace, oak flooring, 
							                corniced ceilings.

Kitchen/ Breakfast Room:	9.30 x 7.13 (Max) 	L shaped handmade \\\\
Features: Greyfort, Ballydonarea, Greystones, Co. Wicklow, A63HK81€1,490,0005 Bed4 Bath350 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.107263,-6.049531
------------------------------
Address: Karen ReynoldsReynolds & Clare9 Dún Rioga Crescent, Dunshaughlin, Co. Meath, A85YN70€450,0003 Bed3 Bath103 m²Semi-DOpen from Oct 19thViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-9-d-n-rioga-crescent-dunshaughlin-co-meath/5815923
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:103 m²Reynolds and Clare Estate Agents are delighted to introduce 9 Dun Rioga Crescent, Dunshaughlin to the market. This stunning A rated 3 bedroom semi-detached home is offered in showroom condition and is sure to attract a host of potential suiters.

Completed in 2020 by renowned developer Castlethorn, Dun Rioga is a development of three and four bedroom homes in the heart of Dunshaughlin, Co Meath. Designed by award-winning architects O'Mahony Pike, this A-rated home is built to the highest specifications and offers a new level of quality and luxury to homeowners. Offering a real sense of community, Dún Ríoga is the perfect choice for everyone from first-time buyers to growing families alike.

No. 9 boasts 3 large bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, living room with a panoramic view of the park, light filled kitchen and dining area and a south facing garden. This beautiful homes is a testament to the current owners and has been meticulously maintained and cared for.

Perfectly situated on the edge of Dublin, Dunshaughlin is a bustling town that caters for families of all ages and stages. The town centre offers everything you might need for everyday life, from a bank to a selection of supermarkets and other shops, along with a variety of great eateries to suit every palate and event. Families can choose from a host of local well established national schools and secondary schools, including several located in Dunshaughlin itself.

The local GAA club, who were Meath county champions three years in a row from 2000 to 2002, is a vibrant and active sporting hub offering GAA fun for all ages and levels. Soccer, athletics, golf and basketball are also well established in the area. Dunshaughlin is also surrounded by beautiful countryside and picturesque towns with great facilities.

Enjoy a day out at stunning Dunboyne Castle, or catch up with a friend over lunch at Avoca in Dunboyne. Treat the kids to a day at Emerald Park, situated just a few minutes away. Plus, with Dublin City Centre only 42 minutes away via the M3 motorway, nothing is out of reach.

EXTERNAL FINISHES
¤ Low maintenance, brick and coloured render finish.
¤ Low maintenance uPVC facia, soffits, gutters and downpipes.
INTERNAL FINISHES
¤ Pull down ladder for easy access to attic space.
KITCHEN / UTILITY
¤ Fully fitted kitchens including fridge freezer, electric over / hob, dishwasher, combined washer / dryer and extractor fan.
BATHROOM/EN-SUITE
¤Bathrooms and en-suite are fitted with high quality sanitaryware throughout.
¤ Thermostatically-controlled shower / Wet-room style low profile shower tray to main en-suite.
¤ Shower doors are fitted to en-suite.
¤ Wall and floor tiling fitted in bathroom and en-suite.
¤ Luxury baths with mixer handset.
¤ Chrome towel rails fitted to bathroom and en-suite.
DOORS AND IRONMONGERY
¤Fitted with 2-panel painted internal doors and architraves and quality chrome ironmongery.
¤ 6" painted skirting board.
WARDROBES
¤ Luxurious fitted wardrobes provided in bedrooms.
ELECTRICAL
¤ Smoke, heat and carbon monoxide detectors fitted.
¤ Alarm fitted.
¤ Climate energy management system to enable control of the heat and hot water operations remotely.
E X T E R N A L W I N D OWS AND DOORS
¤ High performance low-energy PVC double glazed windows (u value 1:2).
¤ High performance front door with multi point locking system.
¤ Patio doors fitted as per show houses.
H E AT I N G , V E N T I L AT I O N AND RENEWABLES
¤ Gas-fired central heating.
¤ Demand control mechanical extract ventilation fitted to all houses.
¤ Roof mounted solar photo voltaic panels.
¤ High levels of insulation in walls, roof and floors.
GARDEN
¤Landscaped and maintained to the highest standard.
¤ Cobble-lock paving at entrance complimented by mature flower beds.
MANAGEMENT COMPANY
¤ Petra Property Management
¤ Service charges are paid annually to the management company circa €300 per annum.

 **Please follow our social media profiles for updates on this property** 

**Facebook Reynolds & Clare Estate Agents 
**Instagram @reynoldsandclareestateagents 
**Linkedin @reynolds-clare-estate-agents 
**TikTok @reynolds_and_clare
Features: Video9 Dún Rioga Crescent, Dunshaughlin, Co. Meath, A85YN70€450,0003 Bed3 Bath103 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.516849,-6.553573
------------------------------
Address: Karl RussellRussell Estate Agents108 Foxrock Avenue, Foxrock, Foxrock, Dublin 18, D18T9H3€995,0004 Bed5 BathDetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-108-foxrock-avenue-foxrock-foxrock-dublin-18/5858642
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOn View this Saturday by appointment. Please register to attend the viewing

RUSSELL ESTATE AGENTS proudly present this outstanding detached family residence to the market, situated on the highly desirable Foxrock Avenue. This meticulously maintained and upgraded home is in excellent condition throughout and offers an ideal opportunity for families seeking both space and comfort in a prime location. No. 108 occupies a commanding position, set behind secure electronic gates, and is just a short stroll from a wealth of local amenities. 

Boasting an impressive 201 sq. m (2,163 sq. ft), including a beautifully converted attic and a fully fitted, self-contained garden room which is currently used as guest bedroom / family room. This property blends ample living space with modern convenience, offering limitless potential for the perfect family home. This property also comes with full planning (ref D21B/0293) for a substantial ground floor extension over the garden room which will extend and open up the existing large family kitchen to a new private terrace and stairs to the mature garden. There is also full planning (ref D24B/0157) to almost double the size of the attic room and create a master suite with walk in wardrobes and even better views across Dublin bay to Howth and beyond.

Ground Floor:

Step through the inviting entrance hallway into a warm and welcoming home. To the front, a spacious living room offers the perfect setting for family relaxation. A separate study/office provides a quiet space for work or reading. The heart of the home is the expansive open-plan kitchen and dining area featuring doors that lead directly to the large terrace, ideal for indoor-outdoor living. A large utility room with access to the garden along with a convenient downstairs w/c completes this level.

First Floor:

Upstairs, you will find three generously sized double bedrooms, two of which are en-suite, all equipped with built-in storage solutions. A large family bathroom and a hot press complete the first-floor layout, ensuring ample storage and comfort for all family members.

Attic Conversion: - with full planning to extend 

The cleverly designed attic conversion is a standout feature, offering a spacious additional area, complete with fitted wardrobes and a modern bathroom. This versatile space, which the current owners are using as their master suite also boasts breathtaking views over Dublin Bay and Howth.

Garden Level:

A superb, purpose-built guest bedroom / Family room at garden level offers even more flexibility. With its own bathroom, central heating, and kitchenette, this space is perfect for a home office, guest quarters or a children's play area / teenage hangout

Outdoor Space:

The secluded rear garden, spanning an impressive 40m (140ft), offers total privacy and tranquility. Surrounded by mature shrubbery and trees, the garden highlight is a picturesque weeping willow, creating a peaceful sanctuary. A sun-soaked decking and entertainment area at the far end of the garden is perfect for al fresco dining or summer gatherings. The front garden provides secure off-street parking for up to three cars, with an electric gate and a beautifully manicured Griselinia hedge, ensuring both privacy and security. Side access adds further convenience for garden maintenance and outdoor storage.

Location:
The location is simply unbeatable. Situated within easy reach of Blackrock, Deansgrange, and Foxrock villages, this property enjoys the best of suburban living with a wide array of local shops, restaurants, and sports clubs just minutes away. Educational options are excellent, with renowned schools such as Lycée Français dIrlande, Hollypark National Schools, Loreto College Foxrock,
Newpark Comprehensive, and Clonkeen College all within walking distance.

Public transport links are exceptional, with the QBC providing easy access to Dublin city, and the Aircoach offering swift access to Dublin Airport. For those who enjoy outdoor activities, the countryside is just a short drive away, offering a variety of pursuits in a serene natural setting.

This property represents a rare opportunity to acquire a family home of this caliber in such a sought-after location. With its spacious interiors and the potential for further extension, it offers everything a growing family could need/

Early viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate all that this exceptional home has to offer.

For more information or to arrange a private viewing, please contact Karl Russell at 087 6246325 or
01 2963557.


NOTE

Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate, description & photographs provided are for guidance only.

PSRA Licence Number: 004544
Features: 108 Foxrock Avenue, Foxrock, Foxrock, Dublin 18, D18T9H3€995,0004 Bed5 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.278268,-6.173779
------------------------------
Address: Keary EstatesGeraldine KearyKeary Estates35 Pembroke Gardens, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04W2Y7€895,0002 Bed2 Bath98 m²TerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-35-pembroke-gardens-dublin-4-ballsbridge-dublin-4/5856839
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:98 m²Pembroke Gardens occupies a rarefied position behind the salubrious tree-lined St Mary’s Road and the elegant houses of Northumberland Road. It is a leafy tree lined oasis sheltered from the sound of city traffic by the tall surrounding homes and, for convenience, is incomparable. It is located adjacent to Upper Baggot Street with an extensive array of restaurants and amenities.  Pembroke Gardens is within a five-minute walk of the Aviva Stadium, a ten-minute walk to Merrion Square and a twenty minute walk to Grafton Street. Herbert Park is a mere stroll. 

35 Pembroke Gardens is a most attractive two bedroomed mews property which has been extensively refurbished and extended in recent years.  A very attractive rear single storey extension was built in 2020, which could have many uses, including additional living/dining space, relaxation area or an office. The home enjoys an enviable east west orientation which means that the house is light filled throughout the day. It is presented in turnkey condition and benefits from two off street car parking spaces, one in the front private courtyard area behind the double gate and an additional one on the private footpath to the front of the house. There is additional residential disc parking on the street which has recently been resurfaced. 

The accommodation is laid out over two levels with an impressive overall size of 98 sq. m (1,055 sq.ft). The ground floor comprises a light filled living room with a Stovax inset wood burning stove. The living room leads to a very attractive fully fitted kitchen in a pale brown with feature green tiles and an excellent array of storage space throughout. There is a great sized utility room for some of the appliances with lots of storage and the space also served as a convenient wc.  Beyond the kitchen there is a very impressive light filled sunroom leading to a most attractive garden with granite paving and bamboo planting. The paving is laid to the same level as the floor level in the sunroom so as to form a natural extension to the living space. There is lovely white timber flooring throughout which creates a great sense of light and space and a natural flow from one area to another. 

Upstairs there are two beautifully appointed bedrooms, both double and the main bathroom. Both bedrooms benefit from great levels of storage with fitted wardrobes and additional shelving in both. The distressed wooden flooring painted in a muted off white adds great character to the bedrooms. There are beautiful views of mature trees from both bedrooms.

Pembroke Gardens is unrivalled in terms of location.  The offices of Amazon, Google and LinkedIn are all nearby. Local landmarks include the Aviva Stadium, Herbert Park and The RDS. The majority of Dublin's embassies and many diplomatic residences are located in Ballsbridge. There are  a host of amenities on your doorstep including shops, pubs and restaurants, as examples,  Roly’s Bistro in Ballsbridge, Searson's Pub on Baggot Street and The Dylan Hotel,  just around the corner. Local schools include Loreto on the Green, CUS and The Institute of Education. Lansdowne and Barrow Street DART stations are a few minutes’ walk away and numerous bus routes also serve the area making it easily accessible. The airport is now only a short drive via the Port Tunnel and the Air Coach is within walking distance.


ACCOMMODATION


Entrance Porch: 
Covered entrance porch with a tiled floor leading to the living room.

Living room (5.57m x 3.71m)
 A light filled space featuring a Stovax insert wood burning stove and marble fireplace surround. coving and rose centre piece.

Kitchen/Dining room (5.63m x 3.71m) 
Fully fitted high gloss kitchen with attractive glazed tiling, oven/hob. fridge freezer, dishwasher and several storage closets. 

Guest wc/utility room (2.11m x 2.37m)
White marble effect contemporary tiling throughout. Washing machine and dryer, wc and whb. Shelving and storage throughout.

Sun room (3.99m x 2.71m)
 Light filled room with white timber effect flooring throughout, velux window and high quality double door leading to garden.

Garden
Laid out in granite paving (part) and Ballylusk Stone with attractive bamboo trees along perimeter timber fencing. 

FIRST FLOOR

Bedroom1 (4.84m x 3.71m)
Extra large room with attractive picture window affording great views. Built in wardrobes and additional shelving. 

Bedroom 2 (3.27m x 3.71m)
Large room with built in wardrobe units and additional shelving. Overlooking mature trees on Pembroke Gardens. 

Bathroom (2.03m x 2.65m) 
White tiling throughout, wc, whb and pumped shower unit. 

Driveway/courtyard to front behind wooden gates (5.90m x 3.71m).
Laid out in red cobblelock paving. Enjoys west facing sun from mid-day to sunset. Parking for one car.
Features: Video35 Pembroke Gardens, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04W2Y7€895,0002 Bed2 Bath98 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.333857,-6.237579
------------------------------
Address: Anna ThorntonDNG Thornton Properties3A Highfield, Templerainey, Arklow, Co. Wicklow, Y14EA09€675,0004 Bed3 Bath217 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-3a-highfield-templerainey-arklow-co-wicklow/5772199
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:217 m²Positioned on a generous site of 0.35 acres of mature manicured gardens and sun drenched patios, 3a Highfield is a home of elegance.

A much loved family home, this house was built to the highest standards for his own family by a well known local builder. The design and quality that went into the home is clearly evident throughout.
The attractive layout offers a generous mix of reception rooms with four double bedrooms and three bathrooms, providing a versatile layout to suit most tastes.
On the main floor the accommodation comprises a spacious entrance hallway, living room, dining room and kitchen/ family room, which all flow seamlessly providing a wonderful space for entertaining. 
Upstairs there are two double bedrooms with ensuites and a family bathroom as well as a sizeable utility. The lower floor offers two further double bedrooms with space for a fifth bedroom/ home office or indeed gym depending on individual needs. There is also a walk in storage room which could function as a cellar or for office filing.
The wonderful Andrew Ryan designed kitchen is sure to please the budding chef with its stylish design, practical layout and Corian counters.
The family room boasts a feature brick wall with gas fireplace and patio doors opening to a pretty sun soaked terrace, perfect for those morning coffees.
There is a separate generously sized garage offering storage or further scope for accommodation subject to PP.
Surrounding the home are meticulously maintained gardens with lawn, paved patio and a wonderful selection of mature flowers and shrubs.
Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate this fine home.


Entrance Hall 4.99m x 5.11m. Spacious entrance hallway with cloakroom, alarm and carpet throughout.

Living Room 3.84m x 6.35m. Well proportioned living room with dual aspect windows, feature brick wall with attractive gas fire and double doors leading into the dining room.

Dining Room 3.59m x 3.27m. Bright formal dining room with dual aspect windows and access to kitchen.

Kitchen/Breakfast Room 3.59m x 2.88m. With its Andrew Ryan classic Oak shaker kitchen, ample fitted units and Corian counters, integrated Siemens microwave and double over, Miele hob and integrated fridge freezer.

Family Room 6.40m x 4.18m. The family room is a wonderful space with views overlooking the gardens and paved patio, feature brick wall with gas fire and tv point.

Utility Room 3.18m x 2.77m. Tiled floor and access to the exterior.

Bedroom 1 4.91m x 4.48m. Spacious double bedroom with patio door leading to the gardens.

Ensuite Bathroom 1.20m x 2.73m. Stylish tiling throughout with wc, pedestal wash hand basin and a power shower.

Bathroom 1.96m x 3.45m. Family bathroom with wet room style power shower, wc and pedestal wash hand basin.

Bedroom 2 5.32m x 4.48m. Double bedroom with built in sliding wardrobes and views to the gardens.

Ensuite Bathroom 1.96m x 2.27m. Fully tiled ensuite with wc, wash hand basin and a power shower.

Open Plan/Gym 3.58m x 7.40m. Wonderfully versatile space that was once an enclosed fifth bedroom.

Bedroom 3 3.91m x 3.79m. Double bedroom with built in wardrobes.

Bedroom 4 3.67m x 4.44m. Double bedroom with built in wardrobes.

Garage 6.00m x 4.00m.

Gardens    Set on 1/3 of an acre with beautifully manicured lawns and flowerbeds with mature planting.
There are a number of pretty seating areas and patios each positioned to offer a different view of the gardens.
Features: 3A Highfield, Templerainey, Arklow, Co. Wicklow, Y14EA09€675,0004 Bed3 Bath217 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.805848,-6.149456
------------------------------
Address: Sales OfficeHooke & MacDonald19 Bracken Park Close, Carpenstown Road, Castleknock, Dublin 15€995,0005 Bed4 Bath215 m²Semi-DViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-19-bracken-park-close-bracken-park-carpenterstown-road/5852557
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:215 m²No. 19 Bracken Park Close is a superbly designed Cosgrave-built house, traditional in style & appearance but incorporating an abundance of contemporary features. This is a large family house with an exceptional energy efficiency with an A2 BER rating.
No.19 is perfectly designed to provide optimal spaces for family living. The heart of the home is the large kitchen incorporating family and dining spaces that opens to a patio that provides an elegant extension of living space. There are two additional reception rooms; the living room at ground floor and the entertainment room at first floor, these superb spaces provide choices for families at different stages with different needs, for example a parents lounge and children' s breakout space. 

As well as providing for sleeping function, the five bedrooms are designed to provide private space for family members to enjoy. There are two family bathrooms, with bath and shower while the master bedroom is ensuite. 

No. 19 Bracken Park Close is unique in a number of respects and has several important positive attributes, including the following: 

Situated in one of the most popular residential locations in West Dublin and surrounded by high quality housing and convenient to the Phoenix Park & Castleknock Village. 

Well served by schools, colleges & sporting amenities. 

Proximity to several shopping centres and easy access to village shops at Castleknock. 

Within easy access of the City Centre. 

Landmarks: Approximately 1 km west of Castleknock Village, which is located just inside the city' s M50 motorway ring road, bordered to the west by the mature suburb of Blanchardstown, to the east by the Phoenix Park, to the north by Dunsink and to the south by the village of Chapelizod above the Liffey valley; 1.5 km south of Main Street, Blanchardstown; 1.8 km northwest of the Phoenix Park; 2.5 km southeast of Blanchardstown Shopping Centre; and 7 km northwest of Dublin City Centre. 

Transport/Infrastructure: Approximately 1.1 km south of Coolmine Arrow Station on the Dublin to Maynooth rail line; and 1.5 km southwest of Junction 6 of the M50 Motorway / N3 Navan Road. The No. 37 bus goes to St. Stephen' s Green in the city centre from Carpenterstown Road Shopping Centre and to the Blanchardstown Shopping Centre. 

Cosgrave Group: 
The reputation of the developer is an important factor when people are contemplating the purchase of a home. Cosgrave' s have established a very strong reputation throughout Ireland for the quality of their residential developments. The projects undertaken by them to date have been distinguished by the achievement of exceptional standards of design, construction, energy efficiency, finishes and landscaping. Their attention to detail has been widely praised and is one of the reasons for the
Features: 19 Bracken Park Close, Carpenstown Road, Castleknock, Dublin 15€995,0005 Bed4 Bath215 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.374848,-6.376393
------------------------------
Address: David ReynoldsDavid Reynolds Auctioneers LtdDoonamurray House, Ballygawley, Co. Sligo, F91PH63€395,0004 Bed1 Bath180 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-doonamurray-house-ballygawley-co-sligo/5856176
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:180 m²David Reynolds is delighted to list "Doonamurray House" - a beautifully maintained period residence set in the picturesque village of Ballygawley. 

Very seldom does a property of this stature come to the market, not to mentioned the great care and attention to detail that has been afforded to this property over the years. 

Built in the 1800's, Doonamurray House boasts fine masonry construction with original period features like high ceilings, ornate coving, wood panelling and original staircase to name a few.

Externally, the property enjoys superbly maintained gardens which are landscaped to include stone wall entrance, cast-iron piers with wrought-iron gates, gravel driveway, front lawn, patio area & private side garden. 

The property is only a short walk to the village of Ballygawley & The Castle Dargan Hotel & Golf Resort and c. 10km to Sligo's Town Centre.

Viewings are strictly by prior appointment and can be arranged by contacting David Reynolds on 071 915 1161 or 087 252 3738.
Accommodation
Lounge - 5.4m (17'9") x 4.21m (13'10")
stove
window seat
carpet

Living Room - 5.4m (17'9") x 3.95m (13'0")
stove
timber floor

Kitchen / Dining Room - 5.47m (17'11") x 3.92m (12'10")
tiled floor
radiator cover

Utility Room - 5.44m (17'10") x 1.5m (4'11")

Bedroom 1 - 3.9m (12'10") x 3.21m (10'6")
fireplace

Bedroom 2 - 4.22m (13'10") x 2.57m (8'5")

Bedroom 3 - 4.19m (13'9") x 2.71m (8'11")

Bedroom 4 - 5.44m (17'10") x 4.2m (13'9")

Bathroom - 2.83m (9'3") x 1.96m (6'5")
wc, whb & shower/bath
timber floor


 Note: 
These particulars are issued by David Reynolds Estate Agent on the understanding that any negotiations relating to the property are conducted through them. Whilst every care is taken in preparing particulars, the Company do not hold themselves responsible for any inaccuracy in the particulars or the terms of the properties referred to or for any expense that may be incurred in visiting same should it prove unsuitable or to have been let, sold or withdrawn. Applicants are advised to make an appointment through us before viewing and are respectfully requested to report their opinion after inspection. Property Reference :DREY259
Features: Doonamurray House, Ballygawley, Co. Sligo, F91PH63€395,0004 Bed1 Bath180 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=54.189923,-8.438326
------------------------------
Address: Dublin Home SalesDublin Homes AuctioneersApartment 1, Glaunsharoon, Donnybrook, Dublin 4, D04R861€850,0002 Bed2 Bath94 m²ApartmentViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-apartment-1-glaunsharoon-donnybrook-dublin-4/5758743
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:94 m²Dublin Homes Auctioneers are pleased to present No 1 Glaunsharoon, a two bedroom apartment situated in this exclusive development on the highly desirable Eglinton Road in Donnybrook.  
No 1 Glaunsharoon is a bright spacious ground floor apartment, which has been finished to a very high standard and upgraded by the current owner, which includes an energy efficient air to water heat pump system, providing continuous hot water and powers the underfloor heating.   The accommodation extends to c.94 sqm (1011 sq ft) and comprises,entrance hall with large storage press and cloakroom.  The bright spacious living room/dining room has double doors to a private south facing patio, together with feature porthole window and feature electric fire which was installed in 2023.   The kitchen benefits from a window, which bring light into the area.  The Siematic kitchen boasts Neff 5 ring gas hob, electric oven with slide and hide door, fridge/freezer, Franke sink with integrated water filter for drinking water and Miele integrated washing machine with separate condenser dryer.   Both the double bedrooms are generous in size, the master bedroom is ensuite with floor to counter mirrored cabinet.   The bathroom has a bath with shower and is fully tiled.  The apartment comes with the benefit of 2 car parking spaces in the secure underground car park, one of which has an EV charger and a private storage unit 
The property is located conveniently beside an extensive array of amenities including shops, café's, bars and restaurants in Donnybrook, Ballsbridge and Ranelagh.  It is within easy walking distance of several recreational facilities, Donnybrook Tennis Clubs, the RDS, Aviva Stadium, to name just a few.  The area is well serviced by public transport and makes for easy accessibility to the city centre, St. Stephens Green and Grafton Street. Dublin Airport can be conveniently accessed via the Port Tunnel, which will bring you the M1/M50.
Viewing is highly recommended and will be by private appointment. 

Entrance Hallway
Spacious hallway with oak flooring, recessed lighting, large storage press, cloakroom, intercom system
Living/Dining Room
Light filled room with feature porthole window, double doors to large south facing patio and electric fire installed in 2023
Kitchen 
Siematic fitted kitchen with an excellent range of wall and floor presses.  Neff 5 ring gas hob, Neff electric oven with 'slide and hide' door, Neff Fridge/freezer, Franke sink with integrated water filter for drinking water, Miele integrated washing machine and separate condenser dryer.
Master Bedroom
Double bedroom with an excellent range of built in wardrobes.  Recessed lighting
Ensuite
Double corner shower cubicle wc. w.h.b. with a large mirrored storage unit. Tiled floor and recessed lighting
Bedroom 2
Double bedroom with an excellent range of built in wardrobes, 
Bathroom
Bath, shower, w.c. w.h.b, and heated towel rail.  Recessed lighting  and marble tiling
South facing patio
2 designated underground car space with EV charger and private storage unit
Management fees €4,226.64
Features: VideoApartment 1, Glaunsharoon, Donnybrook, Dublin 4, D04R861€850,0002 Bed2 Bath94 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.319537,-6.236024
------------------------------
Address: John KearneyKearney & Co.Kilcorral, Castlebridge, Co. Wexford, Y35AX21€695,0005 Bed4 Bath350 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-mullanagower-castlebridge-co-wexford/5703263
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:350 m²Looking for more space for your family? How about a five bedroom, four bathroom, B1 rated, luxury house enjoying 3,800 sq. ft. and three quarters of an acre in Castlebridge, just 4 miles North of Wexford Town. Mullanagower, Kilcorral is a very popular area with many other quality homes around. You are only just over a mile to the busy village of Castlebridge with its Londis, Garage, Post Office, Chemist and Pub and just three miles to the M11 at Oilgate.

Fibre Broadband keeps you connected to the rest of the world as well!  Perfect for Working from Home.

Built in 2009, this spacious house was built for comfortable and relaxed family life.
The heart of the house is the large Kitchen, Dining Room and Day Room with double doors out onto the SouthWest facing Patio.
This whole area is beautifully tiled with underfloor GeoThermal heating and the added bonus of a solid fuel stove for winter use if desired.
The fully fitted modern designer kitchen has all modcons as well as loads of storage and a large island with integrated Hob and Extractor above.
Off this and with a rear door to the garden is the Utility/Laundry/Boot Room keeping these services out of the kitchen.

Initially, you enter the house into the wonderful bright double height hallway with mezzanine gallery all around and skylights above.
Off the hall, as well as the kitchen you have the Lounge, the Playroom/Second sitting Room and the downstairs bathroom. The final door leads to the downstairs bedroom 5, the SunRoom, inner courtyard and the garage rooms.

At the back of the garage is the GeoThermal plant room, garden storage room and a separate WC for the Games room upstairs.
The games room is a wonderful bonus feature, currently used as a Cinema Room but with the added benefit of a south facing terrace to the rear.

Upstairs in the Main House, there are four double bedrooms, the master suite including a his and hers walk in wardrobe area and a private ensuite bathroom. There is also a separate family bathroom for the other bedrooms.

The corridor between the main house and the garage/games area is also a lovely feature with a glass walled interior courtyard leading to the sunroom to the rear.  This room enjoys the full expanse of the large rear garden.

Outside, the house sits nicely in the centre of the large 3/4 acre site with entrance pillars and walls leading to a sweeping gravel drive with plenty of parking. There is lawn to each side with mature hedging at the boundaries. The wiring is in place for electric gates if desired.
To the rear the garden backs onto extensive farmland. There are wonderful rural views to all sides.

Services: Well, Modern septic tank, Fibre Broadband, GeoThermal underfloor heating, Stove.

Accommodation:

Entrance gates, gravel drive, plenty of parking
Enter via glazed entrance hallway (4m x 1.4m) into

Double height Hall (4.6m x 3m) tiled floor with skylights above with rooms off:
Lounge (5m x 5.5m) carpeted with bay window to front and false feature fireplace
Play Room (5.8m x 4.1m) laminate wooden flooring, bay window to front, working feature fireplace
Downstairs Bathroom (3.3m x 2.3m) fully tiled with walk in shower, wc and whb.
Kitchen/Dining/Day Room (9.5m x 7.1m) 'L' shaped with double doors to SW facing patio.

Corridor to Sun Room and Games Room (5.9m x 1.2m) wooden flooring, windows to
Courtyard Garden (3.8 x 2.5m) and Sunroom (5.3m x 3.9m) wooden flooring and windows to garden
Stairs to Games Room (7.5m x 5.5m) carpeted with large window to front and terrace and balcony (not in use) to rear.
(This room is wired for Cinema use but equipment is not included in the sale)

Upstairs via beautiful wooden staircase with mezzanine rail on three sides of landing, large skylights above.
Master Bedroom (4.2m x 3.9m) wooden flooring, window to rear and door to 
Walk in Wardrobe (3.2m x 2.3m) wooden flooring and mirrored slide-robes on either side leading to
Ensuite Bathroom (4.2m x 2.4m) semi-tiled with shower cabinet, bath and twin wash hand basins.

Bedroom 2 (3.7m x 3.4m) wooden flooring, window to front .
Bedroom 3/Office  (4m x 3.9m) wooden flooring, window to front.
Bedroom 4 (5.3m x 3.4m) wooden flooring, window to front, velux to rear.

Family Bathroom (2.2m x 2.2m) semi-tiled with Bath and shower, wc and whb.

Double Garage (8.3m x 5.7m) with two roller doors, storage room, plant room for Geo Thermal system, WC.

Directions:

Kilcorral, is just a mile and a half North of Castlebridge Village.
The Eircode is Y35 AX21

Viewing by appointment only with the sole agents, Kearney & Co.
Features: Kilcorral, Castlebridge, Co. Wexford, Y35AX21€695,0005 Bed4 Bath350 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.404347,-6.453113
------------------------------
Address: Chris CorriganSherry FitzGerald Rathmines19 Heytesbury Street, Portobello, Dublin 8, D08Y2R4€1,495,0004 Bed5 Bath227 m²TerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-19-heytesbury-street-portobello-dublin-8/5616246
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:227 m²Number 19 Heytesbury Street is a charming 4 bedroomed red-brick Victorian home on a peaceful and popular residential road located just off South Circular Road. 
The property was recently extensively refurbished and is tastefully presented throughout with light filled rooms of good proportions. It is a perfect blend of period charm and contemporary living and is sure to appeal to many potential purchasers and is suitable for multi-generational use.
Located in a fashionable district in the heart of Portobello lauded for its superbly appointed and distinctive homes, it has a special character, charm and a welcoming atmosphere all of its own and extends to an impressive 227 sq.m./ 2,443 sq. ft. approx. The accommodation briefly comprises; a welcoming entrance hall, interconnecting drawing room and dining room, family room, guest bathroom, kitchen, living/dining room with a six-meter triple glazed, triple sliding door extending the length of the room.  
Four spacious double bedrooms, with three benefiting from en-suite shower rooms and two of which have triple glazed sliding doors to the courtyard and a family bathroom which completes the accommodation. 
The property is further enhanced by many original period features which include magnificent intricate cornicing, handsome marble and granite fireplaces, six over six double glazed sash windows complete with the original working shutters. As well as this, this home has been replumbed and re-wired, and enjoys modern features such as triple glazed windows, underfloor heating governed by zone thermostats and a Nibe air to water system to name but a few. 
The property also benefits from wrought iron railings and an impressive granite staircase leading to the hall door as well as a sizeable rear courtyard with ceramic tiles and outdoor lighting.
Heytesbury Street is superbly located with all social and essential amenities on your doorstep to include the many trendy eateries, food stores and coffee houses as well as the nearby Camden Quarter. Both St Stephens Green and Grafton Street are within a gentle stroll. Transport options to include the Luas at nearby Harcourt Street and bus routes are close by as are the Dublin Bike stations at Grantham Street and Portobello.

Entrance Hall 4.25 x 1.69. Reclaimed wooden floorboards, centre rose, coved ceilings, intricate decorative archway, notably high ceilings, light well with stained glass above the hall door, dado rail and the original stairs and banister.

Living Room 4.25 x 4.60. Original floorboards, notably high ceilings, centre rose and ceiling cornicing, six over six doubled glazed sash window with working shutters, attic hatch, cast iron fireplace with marble surround and original bi folding doors leading to;

Dining Room 3.85 x 4.60. Original floorboards, notably high ceilings, ceiling cornicing, centre rose, granite mantlepiece, two storage cupboards, exposed brick and open to the rear extension.

Family Room 5.23 x 3.14. Reclaimed wooden flooring, four pane electronically controlled skylight, exposed brick and timber frames, recessed lighting and a generous window overlooking the rear courtyard. This room is also plumbed and wired for use as a kitchen if desired.

Return 5.27 x 1.69. Reclaimed wooden flooring, picture rail, double glazed Velux window and an original intricate decorative archway.

Bedroom 1 3.81 x 3.15. Double bedroom, centre rose, six pane double sash window, ceiling coving, mantle and reclaimed wooden flooring.

Showeroom 1.91 x 1.54. Tiled flooring and tiled walls, mounted mirror, wash hand basin, wc, shower cubicle with a rainwater shower head and a double-glazed Velux window.

Garden level Entrance Hall 9.62 x 2.20. Mosaic style tiled flooring, an exposed brick archway and understair storage.

Bedroom 2 4.25 x 4.40. Double bedroom, laminate flooring, centre rose, ceiling coving, six over six double glazed sash window with original working shutters and door to;

En-Suite 1.86 x 2.60. Ceramic tiled flooring and walls, wc, shower with rainwater showerhead attachment, wash hand basin, built in storage and a mounted mirror.

Main Bathroom 3.78 x 1.44. Marble style ceramic tiled flooring and walls, wash hand basin and built in storage, large corner bathtub, wc and a mounted mirror with touch LED backlighting and demister.

Bedroom 3 5.30 x 3.14. Double bedroom, laminate flooring, recessed lighting, recessed lighting and sliding doors to the rear courtyard.

En-Suite 1.86 x 2.60. Ceramic tiled flooring and walls, wc, shower with rainwater showerhead attachment, wash hand basin, built in storage and a mounted mirror with touch LED backlighting and demister.

Kitchen 3.81 x 3.15. Mosaic style tiled flooring, both base and wall cabinets with integrated appliances (to include a Neff microwave,  Neff oven and induction hob), quartz countertop, ample storage and plumbed for a washing machine/dryer.

Living/Dining Room 9.00 x 3.15. Laminate flooring, four pane electronically controlled triple glazed Velux window and generous 6-meter triple glazed sliding doors extending the length of the room overlooking the courtyard.

Bedroom 4 4.34 x 3.19. Double bedroom, laminate flooring, triple glazed sliding doors to the rear courtyard, notably high ceilings and access to;

En-Suite 1.48 x 2.75. Slate style ceramic tile flooring and part tiled walls, skylight, wash hand basin with built in storage, wc, mounted mirror and a should with a rain water showerhead attachment.

Walk In Wardrobe 1.53 x 2.75. Laminate flooring and access to the gated residents laneway.

Courtyard Slate style tiles, outdoor lighting and stone wall.
Features: Video19 Heytesbury Street, Portobello, Dublin 8, D08Y2R4€1,495,0004 Bed5 Bath227 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.334858,-6.268966
------------------------------
Address: Tom CrosseGVM Auctioneers - Limerick115 Kylemore, Monaleen, Castletroy, Co. Limerick, V94HRR0€350,0003 Bed3 BathTerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-115-kylemore-monaleen-castletroy-co-limerick/5830193
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyGVM are delighted to bring to the market this magnificent two storey mid terrace residence situated in this leafy, established and much sought after development of quality homes. No115 is positioned in a quiet cul sac enjoying the privacy and tranquility associated this outstanding location. The renowned Kylemore development is situated just off Old School House Road and is just a very short distance from quality Primary and Secondary Schools, Castletroy Shopping Centre, The University of Limerick, Plassey Technological Park, Castletroy Golf Club, Monaleen GAA Club, Newtown Recreation Park and an array of other top class sporting facilities including Aisling Annacotty FC & UL Bohs RFC. The immediate area an has excellent walking and cycle lanes and also enjoys easy access to the Motorway providing connectivity to our national road infrastructure. There is a half hourly bus service running within 300 meters of this home together with a Nextbike hub at the development entrance. 
The accommodation is well proportioned, offering bright and spacious living and bedroom space. Many modern and high end furnishings making this home a turnkey opportunity and available at an attractive price point. Gas fired central heating system. Treble glazed UPVC windows. Converted attic area providing an option for additional bedroom or living space. Off street parking for two cars. Good sized rear garden. Viewing is very highly recommended.
Accommodation
Hallway
Guest W.C & W.H.B. Tiled floor.

Sitting Room - 5m (16'5") x 3.03m (9'11")
Feature fireplace. Carpet flooring.

Kitchen/Dining Room - 5.04m (16'6") x 3.08m (10'1")
Tile floor. Integrated Appliances. Generous floor and eye level presses.

Utility room - 2.02m (6'8") x 1.04m (3'5")
Plumbed.

Bedroom 1 - 2.06m (6'9") x 2.06m (6'9")
Built in wardrobes. Carpet flooring.

Bedroom 2 - 4.06m (13'4") x 2.06m (6'9")
Double Bedroom. Built in wardrobes. Carpet flooring

Bedroom 3 - 4.07m (13'4") x 3.03m (9'11")
Master Bedroom. Built in wardrobes. Carpet Flooring

Ensuite - 2.05m (6'9") x 1.02m (3'4")
Fully tiled. Electric shower.

Main Bathroom - 2.09m (6'10") x 2m (6'7")
Fully tiled.

Stira to Attic - 5.04m (16'6") x 4.04m (13'3")
Carpet Flooring. Excellent ceiling height and velux window.


 Note: 
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only. Property Reference :GVMA4217
DIRECTIONS:
Enter Eircode V94 HRR0 in your mobile device. GVM sign erected
Features: Video115 Kylemore, Monaleen, Castletroy, Co. Limerick, V94HRR0€350,0003 Bed3 BathTerrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.652934,-8.556712
------------------------------
Address: Edel Rolston PropertyEdel RolstonEdel Rolston PropertyLislary, Ballinfull, Co. Sligo, F91FK88€730,0004 Bed3 Bath190 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-lislary-ballinfull-co-sligo/5764470
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:190 m²We at Edel Rolston Property are privileged to offer this incredible, architect designed, B1 rated dwelling house to the market for sale. Situated in what is arguably one of the most scenic locations in the West of Ireland in a natural sheltered cove, with direct views and access to the magnificent Atlantic Ocean and in direct sight of the iconic Ben Bulben table top mountain. This is a truly remarkable property in an equally remarkable location. 


Located at the very end of a scenic country lane, bounded on one side by the shore line, this beautiful home has incredible privacy which can be guaranteed in to the future as the adjoining circa 9 acres was acquired by the existing homeowners and is included as part of this sale. A luxury home in a luxury location with the luxury of 10.5 acres of privacy, peace and tranquillity on the waters edge. 


Constructed circa 2007, this stunning home extends to c. 190sq.mts. and is laid out over 2 floors. The main door opens to a large open plan living room, dining room and kitchen space where your eye is immediately drawn to the stunning sea views from the double patio doors and then to the attractive feature red high gloss kitchen with its stainless steel accents. 


Climbing the open riser stairs, which allow the beautiful natural light to radiate throughout, the open plan mezzanine awaits and affords some of the most panoramic sea views over the Atlantic Ocean. Creatively designed by the architect, the windows in this home all capture a stunning view of their own, be it the sea and shore or the fabulous Ben Bulben mountain. Each window is like its own picture frame. Even the free standing bath has a magnificent vista out on to the blue of the rolling waves. 
There are 4 bedrooms in total, 2 on the ground floor and 2 on the 1st floor, 2 of these rooms are ensuite. There is a utility room and a W.C. 

Externally  there is a standalone shed. This building is constructed to a very high standard and is wired and plumbed. There is a fitted kitchen in the unit and it could lend itself to conversion to accommodation (subject to the correct planning permissions) or indeed use as a work from home space or studio. 

The property has the benefit of a Geothermal heat pump and underfloor heating with individual thermostats in each room. 

There is also and In House Streamed Hi Def Russound Multi Zone Music System with independent control panel in each zone/room and top range Polk speakers in each room.

Lislary is only 18km from Sligo Town, 8km from Lissadell House and Estate, 9km from Streedagh Beach and 19km from the County Sligo Golf Club in Rosses point. Knock Airport is only 1 hour and Sligo Airport is less than 30 minutes. 


Rarely does a property of this callibre come to the market for sale and viewing is highly recommended and is by appointment only via the sole selling agent. 



Kitchen/Dining/Living Room: 11.05m x 5.07m and 6.93m x 4.53m
Side door entering immediately to living space, open to dining room and kitchen. Tiled floor, raised open fire with brick fire back, spot lights throughout, dining area adjacent to 2 sets of double patio doors leading to stone paved patio, framing the magnificent panoramic views over the beautiful Atlantic Ocean. From here we enter the kitchen which features a stunning red high gloss kitchen with stainless steel worktops, integrated appliances, mosaic tile splash back and red quartz window trim with stunning views to the sea. Stainless steel extractor fan. Kitchen island with breakfast bar, stainless steel tops and sides. Kitchen larder units in red high gloss with integrated coffee machine. 

Utility Room: 3.54m x 1.63m Tiled floor continuing from kitchen, picture sea view window, back door, 
plumbed for sink and/or washing machine, internal heating controls. 

W.C. 1.23m x 1.06m Tiled floor, W.C., W.H.B.

Bedroom 1: 3.88m x 3.28m wooden floor, large picture windows with the view from this aspect towards Ben Bulben. 

Bedroom 2: 3.92m x 3.58m Beautiful bright bedroom with dual aspect windows and wooden floor. Views out to Ben Bulben and to the sea. Ensuite: 1.41m x 0.89m tiled floor, W.C., W.H.B., Shower with power shower and tiled splash back. Wardrobe space: 0.87m x 0.84m with rails. 

Wooden open riser stairs to 1st floor. 

1st floor

Lounge/Family Room: 8.73m x 6.98m An open plan mezzanine family room with the most amazing panoramic views from 2 sides over the beautiful bay outside the window. Wooden floor, surround sound and media system connected to the entire house. 

Bedroom 3: 4.63m x 4.91m Dual aspect windows with direct views to both Ben Bulben and the wild Atlantic Ocean. Wooden floor. 

Bedroom 4: 3.93m x 3.86m Picture sea view window and wooden floor. Leading to bathroom which can also serve as main bathroom. 

Bathroom/En-suite: 5.69m x 3.33m Tiled floor, W.C., W.H.B., Bidet, Shower and bath with an incredible picture window overlooking the Atlantic Ocean. Imagine the luxury of soaking in the bath and watching the waves reach the shore. 

Garage; 9.34m x 4.06 Tiled floor throughout. Suitable for use as accommodation (subject to correct planning permission) or for work from home space. The garage is plumbed and wired and has plumbing already in place.
Features: VideoLislary, Ballinfull, Co. Sligo, F91FK88€730,0004 Bed3 Bath190 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=54.372476,-8.620592
------------------------------
Address: Eugene Brennan MIPAV (TRV) MMCEPI AssocSCSIFinnegan Menton20-24 Eglinton Road, Dublin 4, D04V2T9€2,750,0004 Bed4 Bath329 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-harmony-cottage-20-24-eglinton-road-donnybrook-dublin-4/5722706
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:329 m²Finnegan Menton take great pride in bringing Harmony Cottage to the market – a beautifully designed, and substantial two-storey residence, located on one of Dublin’s most prestigious roads, boasting a West facing rear garden, vehicular rear access, and secure off-street parking among the many notable features.

Discreet and unassuming from the street, Harmony Cottage is surely one of the finest and most unique properties in Donnybrook, and one which needs to be viewed to be fully appreciated. Beginning its life as two separate Victorian residences, which have since been merged and redeveloped with expert architectural skill, it has been transformed into a sizeable and stunning home of approx. 329 sq. m. / 3540 sq. ft., which retains the warmth and character of a period property while also achieving a modern Mews feel with chic contemporary design features, light-filled living spaces, and a footprint that perfectly accommodates the flow of modern living. Impeccably finished, meticulously maintained, modernised, and designed with a stylish flair and a keen eye for detail (some of the numerous design features are detailed in the features list below), it combines modern elegance with contemporary convenience, and offers an exceptional living experience.

A surprisingly private home, Harmony cottage is accessed from Eglinton Road via a discreet and secure pedestrian gate. From there a natural stone carpet path leads you through a wonderfully welcoming front garden (that changes with each season and exudes a distinctively Eastern feel) through to a spectacular full height glass wall facade with folding doors, that open into a stunning, double-height entrance foyer with uniquely designed chandelier and mezzanine landing with glass balcony. Bathed in natural light, the foyer acts as an inviting area for welcoming guests and displaying art, but should one wish, it could also serve as a reception room complete with biofuel fireplace. Cleverly maintaining the theme from the front garden, the use of muted woodland wallpaper, and a Chateau Flag limestone stone floor (laid as one continuous line throughout the ground floor and through to the outside rear terrace) succeeds in drawing the outdoors in, evoking a sense of tranquillity and serenity that pervades throughout the property. This area then opens into the corridor hallway and the well-proportioned and cleverly configured accommodation that lies beyond, much of which boasts direct access to the sunny rear garden of approx. 50 feet deep, effectively providing a large free-flowing open space ideal for entertaining and hosting large events.  

The ground floor accommodation comprises: a formal dining room open off the hallway and front foyer, with double doors to the rear terrace and garden, and a serving hatch from the Kitchen; a media / games room with double doors to the rear terrace and garden; an en suite bedroom; a guest W.C. and large cloakroom with elegant mahogany units;  a large formal reception room entered via a half flight of stone stairs and tall, double wooden doors, with high ceilings, leather floors, a drop down concealed projector and large screen, which is book ended by two modern plastered gas fireplaces, and has doors to the rear garden; a large library / home-office with the benefit of separate entrance for privacy if required; a large light-filled Kitchen with Bulthaup fitted kitchen island and excellent range of modern units, and which opens into a sunroom / eating area capable of seating up to 20 people, with a large bay window framed by cushioned window seats with storage.

A walnut wooden stairway leads to the first floor, where a beautifully crafted mezzanine corridor, lined with glass and floored with wide-plank walnut, overlooks the ground floor, and links the superb master bedroom to the remaining accommodation. The first-floor accommodation comprises: a large master bedroom with high ceilings, walk-in dressing room, two large windows offering views of the back garden and its numerous mature trees, and a large full bathroom en suite, with bath and separate steam shower with seating, panelling, and an electric auto-close skylight activated by rainfall; two more generous double bedrooms with large built-in wardrobes, bookshelves and high level shelves; a large family bathroom with a large shower and two sinks, which incorporates a separate utility room with a stacked washer and dryer and a hatch with a drop down ladder leading to a large attic storage space.

The features continue outside, where the large sunken patio of Chateau Flag limestone, acts as a suntrap and offers an ideal setting for al fresco dining or an evening drink in the sun, where an expansive awning allows for ‘all weather” dining and relaxing where the truly peaceful nature of this mature neighbourhood can really be appreciated. 6 short steps lead up to the meticulously maintained and private rear garden which is mainly laid in lawn. Offering great privacy, the garden is well planted with a wonderful selection of mature trees and shrubs, planted to provide sanctuary to bees and birds alike, and is easily maintained. To the side of the property, discreetly tucked away from view, are two sheds providing even more storage space, and an electric car charger. Vehicular access is possible to the garden via Harmony Avenue, and through electronic gates, providing excellent off-street and secure parking for up to three cars.

In terms of location Harmony Cottage enjoys the best of both worlds, tucked away from the hustle and bustle while still enjoying every conceivable amenity within close proximity. Donnybrook Village is a stroll away offering a host of some of the city\\\\\\\'s most popular pubs, eateries, and convenience stores including Donnybrook Fair, and is surrounded by many recreational facilities including Elm Park Golf & Sports Club approx. 1.5km away, Donnybrook Lawn and Tennis Club approx. 150m away , Energia Park under 300m away, and Herbert Park approx. 400m away, which feels even closer now by virtue of the Dodder Greenway which aims to deliver high quality walking and cycling facilities along the Dodder River from the sea to the mountains. Ballsbridge Village and Ranelagh Village are also nearby, and the City Centre and Greater Dublin are easily accessible via a host of public transport routes including up to 30 bus routes from Donnybrook Village, and with DART at Sydney Parade Avenue and LUAS Green Line at Beechwood both approx. 2km away. In addition, there are many excellent schools and colleges in the vicinity including St Michael\\\\\\\'s, Gonzaga College, St Mary\\\\\\\'s National School, Muckross Park College, St Conleth\\\\\\\'s, The Teresian\\\\\\\'s, as well as UCD.
Features: 20-24 Eglinton Road, Dublin 4, D04V2T9€2,750,0004 Bed4 Bath329 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.318722,-6.2347
------------------------------
Address: Jonathan QuinnSherry FitzGerald QuinnRiverdale, Kiltycon, Moyne, Co. Longford, N39XP86€375,0004 Bed1 Bath225 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-riverdale-kiltycon-moyne-co-longford/5680920
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:225 m²Substantial 4 Bed Family Home of  c. 225 sqm on c. 4.6 acres of gardens and paddocks, on an elevated site beside Legga Church and Dromard GAA club.

Built in the late 1970’s to a very high specification with mahogany wood doors, staircase and parquet wood floors. The four large reception rooms on the ground floor all feature solid oak wood beams in the ceiling. The walls were insulated when built. The house has been well maintained with new radiators with copper piping installed and double glazed windows. 

At the front of the house there is a large sitting room and formal dining room both have feature marble open fireplaces. To the rear of the house the kitchen / breakfast room has built in units and a Stanley oil range that fires the central heating and ensures a cozy room. The kitchen is complimented by a utility room that is plumbed for washer & dryer with a WC and rear access. A living room with an open fireplace & built in cabinets has a south facing aspect.

Upstairs all four bedrooms are double sized with built in wardrobes. One of the bedrooms has access onto a south facing balcony that looks over the paddock to the rear. The family bathroom is semi tiled and has a separate shower. There is also a floored attic space with insulation.


Outside:
The house is set back from the road with a long stone driveway that loops at the house to a second road access. 
To either side of the house are mature gardens laid in lawns with mature trees. To the front and rear of the house are two separate large paddocks.


Location:
Legga Moyne is an attractive rural area of North Longford where 3 provinces meet, being close to the county borders of Leitrim & Cavan. The area is north of Drumlish Village and south of Arva and c. 22km north of Longford Town. 

Despite the rural nature of the area there is a great community spirit with a number of facilities nearby. Moyne National and Secondary schools are nearby and well renowned, many students travel distances to attend these schools. Dromard GAA club as well as Gaelic games runs Yoga, Pilates and keep fit courses and is within walking distance of the house. Beside this & the Church there is a children’s Crèche and Corrigan’s Garage is also a great local shop and bakery.

Directions
Eircode:  N39 XP86 
GPS:  53.895,  -7.6691
Features: VideoRiverdale, Kiltycon, Moyne, Co. Longford, N39XP86€375,0004 Bed1 Bath225 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.895543,-7.669142
------------------------------
Address: Wade Wise ASCSIBeirne & Wise Estate AgentsBel Air Cottage, Killiney Hill Road, Killiney, Co. Dublin, A96YH64€1,195,0005 Bed2 Bath189 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-bel-air-cottage-killiney-hill-road-killiney-co-dublin/5851413
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:189 m²Nestled on the prestigious Killiney Hill Road, this unique and handsome period home is a true gem waiting to be discovered. Dating back to1850, this detached house (189sq.m/2034sq.ft.) boasts a characterful charm that is hard to find elsewhere.

As you step inside, you are greeted by two/three inviting reception rooms including a first-floor dual aspect sitting room/bedroom with wonderful views of Killiney Bay. The property boasts five bedrooms (four are doubles) and two bathrooms affording plenty of room for the whole family to unwind and enjoy.  With a flexible layout that allows you to tailor the space to your needs, this period house offers endless possibilities to create the home of your dreams.

One of the standout features of this property is its stunning views across the picturesque Killiney Bay and towards Bray Head and the Wicklow Mountains, providing a tranquil backdrop to everyday life. 

For those who appreciate outdoor space, this family home does not disappoint. The large west facing garden is perfect for soaking up the sun on lazy afternoons or hosting al fresco gatherings with friends and family. The rear garden is fully walled and is wonderfully mature with many trees, shrubs and flowing plants. 

Conveniently located near Killiney Hill Park, you can easily enjoy leisurely strolls in the lush surroundings or take in the panoramic views of Dublin Bay.  Bel Air is a short drive to Dalkey and Glasthule villages, with their myriad of specialty shops, bars and restaurants.  Killiney DART and beach are close by. 

Don't miss out on the opportunity to own a piece of history in this desirable location.

ACCOMMODATION

HALL 
Double doors to:

DINING/RECEPTION ROOM
3.86m x 5m
Spacious room with dual aspect windows. 

KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM
4.25m x 3.52m
Refitted kitchen is a range of high gloss wall and floor units with ample worksurfaces over. Stainless steel sink unit. Plumbing for dishwasher. Window to rear aspect. Door to garden. 

INNER HALL
Stairs to the first floor with cloaks cupboard under. 

SHOWER ROOM
With shower cubicle, pedestal wash hand basin and W.C. 

FAMILY ROOM 
3.66m x 3.55m
Feature fireplace, fitted book shelving and window to the front aspect. 

STUDY
1.70m x 2.30m
Fitted shelving.

UTILITY ROOM
 3.80m x 2.30m 
Stainless steel sink unit. plumbing for washing machine. Ideal gas boiler serving the heating system, Fitted seating and double door lead to the rear patio.

FIRST FLOOR LANDING 
Access to Attic. Hot Press. 

SITTING ROOM/BEDROOM 5
5 5m x 4m
Spacious dual aspect reception room with lovely views down Killiney Hill Road, towards Bray Head and Killiney Bay. Feature tiled fireplace. 

BEDROOM 1 
4m x 3.60m 
Double bedroom with dual aspect windows. Fitted wardrobes and ensuite W.C.

BEDROOM 2
3.87m x 2.60m
Double bedroom with a window to the front aspect. Fitted wardrobes. 

BEDROOM 3
3.62m x 4m
Double bedroom with a window to the front aspect. Fitted wardrobes.

BEDROOM 4 
2.52 (max) x 2.15m (max)
Single bedroom with windows to the rear aspect.

BATHROOM
Bath, pedestal wash hand basin and W.C. Two windows to the rear aspect. 

OUTSIDE 
To the front is a walled garden leading to the front door. A side lane leads to the rear, with double 
doors opening into the gravel courtyard with off street car parking. Here there is a covered car port and two garden sheds. Steps lead up to the lovely walled west facing rear garden, mainly laid in lawn with a large variety of shrubs, trees and mature perimeter hedging.  Sun terrace ideal for outside dining and enjoying the sea views.  A further garden shed with a granite seat to the front.
Features: VideoBel Air Cottage, Killiney Hill Road, Killiney, Co. Dublin, A96YH64€1,195,0005 Bed2 Bath189 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.26356,-6.115298
------------------------------
Address: Eileen McLoughlinCML AuctioneersParsonstown, Mullingar, Co. Westmeath, N91C8D8€495,0005 Bed3 Bath220 m²DetachedSchool NearbyADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-parsonstown-mullingar-co-westmeath/5789141
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:220 m²This exceptional five bedroom home comes to the market in pristine condition and will appeal to a wide variety of buyers who are looking for a well -designed home with plenty of living space and expansive outdoor areas including raised decking and landscaped gardens. 

Parsonstown is located 7km from Mullingar Town beside Taughmon National School, Church and Shop and 7km from Castlepollard. The M4 Motorway and Hospitals are 5km away. The surrounding area has many local amenities including Scenic views over Lough Deravarragh, Swimming at Lough Owel, Clonkill GAA Walking Path, The Royal Canal walks and The Old Rail Trail Greenway for walking and cycling. The location is very sought-after, and this type of property almost never comes to the market. 

The property has a dual heating system, a Gas Fired Boiler and a 3-sided solid fuel Parkway Boiler, both heat water and radiators. High -specification finishes include hardwood solid teak internal doors, skirting and architrave. Water supply is via mains water and Fibre-Optic Broadband is installed. The very efficient Energy Rating of B3, allows this property to qualify for a Green Mortgage.

You enter the property via Electric Gates and tarmac driveway. The setting of the house is spectacular as it is surrounded by landscaped gardens to the front and views of the countryside to the rear. There is a spacious double garage to the left of the house with a garden shed and glasshouse.

The property itself is modern, well maintained and inviting. As you walk in the front door, you enter a hallway with a hardwood floor, to the left is a Guest WC and WHB with tiled floor. Walking to your right brings you to the main formal sitting room with a gas fireplace, clear glass door brings you to the dining room with timber flooring. Through double glass doors you get a lovely feeling of space in the bright and airy Conservatory with dual aspect windows also has timber flooring, large tilt and turn windows and French doors to a large elevated sunny decking area overlooking the rear garden and the surrounding countryside. Back through the dining room and into the Kitchen / Breakfast room with modern fitted units, a breakfast island with marble top, gas hob, electric double oven, sink unit and the Parkray Stove. A large utility room consists of tiled floor, fitted units, double sink unit and plumbed for a Washer, Dryer and Dishwasher. The Downstairs bedroom with hardwood floors has an En-suite shower room which is tiled and has a shower enclosure, WC and WHB. 

Walking up the Solid Teak Stairway, leading to the first-floor hallway and four large bedrooms, the largest bedroom has a sunny balcony conservatory. A Main Bathroom with a Shower completes the interior of the house. Outside the Double Garages have ample storage together with the Garden Shed and Greenhouse.

Overall, this is an exceptional property and is very centrally located 7km from Mullingar and 1 hour from Dublin. This property and its superb amenities would make an ideal family home and viewing is highly recommended.

ACCOMMODATION:

GROUND FLOOR:

Entrance Hallway:	(3.75m x 3.35m)		Hardwood Floor

Guest WC:	(1.67m x 1.30m)		Tiled Floor, WC & Wash Hand Basin

Lounge:		(6.40m x 4.36m) 	Mahogony and Cast-Iron Gas Fireplace, Wall & 
Ceiling Lights, Fitted Carpet and TV Point.

Kitchen/Diner:		(5.50m x 3.70m)		Hardwood Floor, Tiled Walls, Modern Fitted 
Wall and Floor Units, Island Unit with Marble 
Countertop Electric Double Oven, Gas Hob, Extractor Fan, Sink Unit and Parkray Stove. TV Point. 

Utility:	(3.m x 3.12m)		Tiled Floor, Fitted Units, Tiled Walls, Double 
Sink Unit. “A” Rated Gas Boiler.
				Plumbed for Washing Machine, Dryer and 
Dishwasher. Rear Door to Garden

Dining room:	(3.68m x 3.18m)		Timber Floor, Double Glass Doors leading to:

Conservatory:	(5.50m x 4.74m)		Timber Floor, Surround Sound and French
Doors leading to Elevated Decking Area.

Master Bedroom:	(3.45m x 3.30m)		Hardwood Floor 
En-suite:		(3.12m x 1.70m)		Tiled with WC, WHB and Shower Enclosure








FIRST FLOOR:

Bedroom 2:	(4.56m x 3.52m)		Fitted Carpet, Built in Double Wardrobes & TV
Point
Balcony:		(4.70m x 2.30m)		Fitted Carpet

Bedroom 3:		(4.24m x 2.85m)		Fitted Carpet
Walk-in-Wardrobe:	(2.12m x 1.16m)		Slide Robe
						
Bedroom 4:		(3.55m x 2.94m)		Fitted Carpet & Built-in Wardrobes

Bedroom 5:		(3.25m x 3.35m)		Fitted Carpet & Built-in Slide Robe Wardrobes 

Storage Cupboard:	(1.55m x 1.96m)		With Shelving

Walk-in Hot-press:	(1.80m x 1.80m)		With Shelving
	
Bathroom: 		(3.55m x2.84m) 		Walls Tiled, WC, Wash hand basin,
						Power Shower
OUTBUILDINGS:

Double Garage:	(7.04m x 6.13m) 	With Electricity		

Garden Shed:		(3.20m X 2.84m)	

Decking Area:		(3.00m x 4.45m)

Greenhouse		
			





FEATURES:
•	Electric Entrance Gates
•	Tarmac Driveway
•	Enclosed Secure Boundary
•	Fibre Optic Broadband
•	Private Landscaped Gardens
•	Gas and Solid Fuel Heating
•	B3 Energy Rating
•	PVC Double Glazing Windows
•	Garages and Storeroom with Electricity
•	Sunny Elevated Deck Area to Rear
•	Solid Teak Internal Doors Throughout
•	Total Floor Area 220m2 (2,368sq.ft)
Features: VideoParsonstown, Mullingar, Co. Westmeath, N91C8D8€495,0005 Bed3 Bath220 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.585295,-7.305924
------------------------------
Address: Jack QuinnQUINN PROPERTYAnnagh, Gorey, Gorey, Co. Wexford, Y25X6T2€485,0004 Bed3 Bath208 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-annagh-gorey-co-wexford/5713286
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:208 m²Ref: P7256
Annagh, Gorey, Co. Wexford Y25 X6T2
Superior Four Bedroom Residence With Large Detached Garage On A Mature Site For Sale By Private Treaty

LOCATION & DESCRIPTION:
QUINN PROPERTY are delighted to present this exquisite four bedroom, three bathroom residence with large detached garage to the market. Located on a mature c. 0.8 acre site, in a scenic country setting, this property boasts delightful views of the surrounding landscape. Meticulously maintained and recently upgraded, this property features new front and rear doors, along with cavity wall insulation.

This is a sought after location close to the Wicklow/Wexford border, just a short distance from Ballythomas Primary School and the famous traditional Gap Pub.   Gorey Town is 10km away and offers an excellent choice of schools, restaurants, retail shops, all major supermarkets, pubs and award-winning hotels, theatre, library and cinema. The property is only 9km from Exit 22 and the M11, allowing for a comfortable commute to South Dublin.

Upon entering the residence, you are greeted by a spacious tiled entrance hall, leading to a cosy living room adorned with wooden flooring and a wood-burning stove. The bright, modern kitchen is a chef's delight, equipped with tiled flooring, a tiled backsplash, ample storage, and an integrated dishwasher and fridge freezer. Adjacent to the kitchen, the dining room is a highlight, featuring a triple-glazed picture window that floods the space with natural light and offers a lovely garden view. A generously sized utility room with tiled flooring, extensive storage, a washer and dryer, and rear garden access complements the kitchen. The sunroom, with its bright interior, wooden floors, and French doors opening to the patio, offers stunning garden views and serves as a fantastic feature of this home. The fully tiled downstairs guest WC includes a W.C, WHB, and shower. A versatile downstairs bedroom, currently utilised as a playroom/office, completes the ground floor.

A wooden staircase leads to the first floor, housing three generously sized double bedrooms, each carpeted for comfort. The master bedroom boasts an en-suite with double WHB and a walk-in wardrobe. The main bathroom is fully tiled, featuring a large bath, W.C, WHB, and shower. Additionally, the landing provides access to a floored and plastered attic space with Velux windows, offering a versatile space that could provide for substantial storage.

OUTSIDE:
Externally, the grounds are finished to a high standard with magnificent landscaped gardens and a patio area - the perfect setting for summer barbeques and alfresco dining.  The property boasts a large detached garage (which might also be suitable for a workshop or a granny-flat, if converted).  Exceptional views of the surrounding countryside complete the picture for this perfect family home.

Accommodation comprises as follows: 
Ground Floor: 
Entrance Hall: Tiled flooring, solid front door
Kitchen/Dining Room: 7.8m x 4.4m	Tiled flooring, fully fitted kitchen, tiled splashback, white goods included, wooden floor in dining room, triple glazed picture window
Utility Room: 3.4m x 2.3m Tiled floor, washing machine , dryer, fitted units and back door
Sitting Room: 4.8m x 3.9m Wooden floor, wood burning stove
Sun Room: 4.5m x 4.1m Wooden floor
Bedroom 4 / Playroom: 3.8m x 3.6m	Wooden floor
Guest WC:  3.4m x 1.1m Fully tiled, W.C, WHB, electric shower
Stairs/Landing: Wooden flooring, hot press, attic access via stira
Master Bedroom: 5.2m x 4.0m Carpet, walk in wardrobe
En Suite: 3.1m x 2.2m Fully tiled, double WHB, WC, shower
Bathroom: 2.4m x 1.8m Fully tiled, power shower, W.C., W.H.B.
Bedroom 2: 3.2m x 2.9m Carpet flooring, T.V. point, built in hair dryer, flip up/down table
Bedroom 3: 2.9m x 2.5m Carpet flooring, ample storage

SERVICES AND FEATURES:
Oil Fired Central Heating - Hive App Controlled
Superb Location
C. 0.75 Acre Site
Patio Area off Sunroom
Landscaped Gardens
Large Detached Garage
Electric Gates with CCTV
Fitted Alarm
Septic Tank
Private Water Well
Blinds & Light Fittings included
White Goods Included
Year Of Construction 2004
Floor Area:  208m²

BER DETAILS:
BER:  B2
BER No. 115548307
Energy Performance Indicator: 119.56 kWh/m²/yr

This Superb Property Will Make The Perfect Family Home. Viewing is Highly Recommended
A.M.V. €485,000
Features: Annagh, Gorey, Gorey, Co. Wexford, Y25X6T2€485,0004 Bed3 Bath208 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.741868,-6.347711
------------------------------
Address: Joanne LavelleMichael Lavelle Estate AgentsOrchard Lodge, Black Lane, Dunleer, Co. Louth, A92NYP4€535,0004 Bed4 Bath202 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-orchard-lodge-black-lane-dunleer-co-louth/5724308
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:202 m²Orchard Lodge is a stunning home with the opportunity to enjoy living, working and playing in what could be described as heaven!

This home - on a c half acre site - is situated just a short drive from the M1, around 5 minutes from the nearest village and around 20 minutes to the nearest large town, yet it feels so quiet and peaceful, so it's the perfect balance of peace and quiet that's within easy reach of services and amenities. 

Approached through electric gates, the gardens immediately impress - well structured with mature, well considered planting and shrubbery, with a lovely south aspect patio for the perfect sun-soaking! 

Importantly, Orchard Lodge also has 3 separate detached structures: the first is the c2170 sq ft house, the second a garage with electric roller door, wc and mezzanine, and the third a fantastic provision of home office that gorgeously has sliding door onto a lovely little garden spot: this has to be the perfect WFH setting! 

The gardens generously give interest all around the house, and no part of the house is overlooked so it's very private.  
Inside the house, wide entrance hall in a fresh Wedgewood blue theme sets the tone. Living room is exceptionally large and well proportioned and dual aspect with fireplace with inset stove. 

The kitchen-diner-sunroom is an open plan space that is light-filled as well as practical: the kitchen is fully integrated with a nod to practicality thanks to an island for extra workspace and coffee spot! There is lots of space for zoning as seen in the large dining suite, and the sunroom with vaulted timber-clad ceiling and triple aspect gives onto that sunny patio via French doors. 

Utility and guest wc are off the kitchen. 

Bedroom 1 is at ground floor level - this is a very large bedroom, and could easily be adjusted to make it ensuite. 

Upstairs, space is very well planned - all bedrooms have built in wardrobes. Bedrooms 2 & 3 are same size with built in / walk-in wardrobes. 

Bed 3 is the primary bedroom with bright ensuite and storage. 

Throughout the house, viewers will note the great condition, space and light. 

An in-app security solution supports the electric gates, garage door, alarm and CCTV. 

The property has septic tank and own water supply and, with a B3 rating, get your green mortgage skates on!! 

All told, a LOT of important extras under the bonnet of this house. Virtual viewing available and early expression of interest recommended.
Features: VideoOrchard Lodge, Black Lane, Dunleer, Co. Louth, A92NYP4€535,0004 Bed4 Bath202 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.81615399297013,-6.457379101540226
------------------------------
Address: Jillian McGuirkMcGuirk Beggan Property Ltd.25 Coldwater Lakes, Saggart, Co. Dublin€1,595,0004 Bed6 Bath568 m²DetachedEnergy EfficientADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-25-coldwater-lakes-saggart-co-dublin/5847116
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:568 m²25 Coldwater Lakes is a stunning contemporary property, nestled on an elevated site with panoramic views over Dublin City and beyond. Built in 2006 and completely renovated in 2016 this home will tick every box for the discerning buyer.

Featuring large open plan reception rooms, high ceilings, intelligent lighting system, bespoke finishes, architect inspired design, ensuite bedrooms & a smart heating system the current owners have spared no expense when implementing their dream design concept.

Coldwater Lakes is a highly private development which can only be accessed via two separate electronic gates and is on the periphery of picturesque Saggart Village. Ideally located close Citywest Business Park, & Shopping Centre, the N7 & M50 road networks, perfect for any commuter providing easy access to the Airport and city centre and it is serviced by the 65B, 69 & 77A bus routes as well as the Red Luas line. 

Number 25 sits in a small cul-de-sac behind private gates that open on to a sweeping driveway providing ample parking for multiple vehicles. The extensive accommodation comprises of a stunning welcoming hall with an impressive 32ft high ceiling, formal living room, cinema room, open plan kitchen/dining/living area, utility room, bathroom, four large bedrooms all with ensuite bathrooms and a large attic room that provides a multi-use space with bathroom. Outside there is a games room and large shed.

There are untold possibilities and great versatility which awaits the lucky buyer, making this an ideal private home for a growing family. To fully understand the boundless opportunities this magnificent property has to offer, viewing is highly recommended.


what3words /// merged.amuse.dads

Notice
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only.

Utilities
Electric: Mains Supply
Gas: Mains Supply
Water: Mains Supply
Sewerage: Unknown
Broadband: Unknown
Telephone: Unknown

Other Items
Heating: Gas Central Heating
Garden/Outside Space: Yes
Parking: Yes
Garage: No
Features: 25 Coldwater Lakes, Saggart, Co. Dublin€1,595,0004 Bed6 Bath568 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.2765226,-6.4394139
------------------------------
Address: Winston HalnonHalnon Humphreys Estate AgentsTearmann, Tara Hill, Gorey, Co. Wexford, Y25H290€1,200,0007 Bed3 Bath548 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-tearmann-tara-hill-gorey-co-wexford/5840773
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:548 m²Halnon Humphreys Estate Agents are delighted to present this truly unique detached home, situated in an elevated setting with panoramic views of the Irish Sea.

Tearmann is a stunning family home, carefully designed to maximize the breathtaking views of Tara Hill and the Irish Sea. 

The light filled and well proportioned accommodation extends to approximately 548 sq. m (5,899 sq. ft.) and provides the ideal blend of bedroom and entertaining space throughout this hillside home.

Nestled in a private, mature setting on approximately 0.59 hectares (1.47 acres) of beautifully landscaped gardens, this exceptional property offers an unparalleled blend of comfort, luxury, and natural beauty.

Accessed via a private gated entrance, the sweeping driveway leads to this commanding home which is set on magnificent mature gardens

Location:

Tara Hill:

Tearmann is located on the gentle Southern Slopes of Tara Hill, a prominent natural landmark near Gorey in County Wexford. The hill offers stunning views of the surrounding countryside, with clear days revealing sights as far as the Wicklow Mountains and the Irish Sea. Tara Hill is a popular destination for hikers and nature enthusiasts, offering designated walking trails that lead to the summit.

Gorey:

The lively town of Gorey is approximately 6.2 km from Tearmann, offering a wide range of amenities, including shops, boutiques, eateries, and traditional Irish pubs. The town is also home to excellent schools and sports clubs, and boasts a vibrant arts and culture scene, with the Gorey Little Theatre hosting various productions and events throughout the year.

Nearby Beaches:

A short drive will take you to some of County Wexford’s most beautiful beaches, including Ballymoney, Courtown, and Morriscastle Strand—perfect for relaxing walks or enjoying water sports.

Golf Courses:

You will be spoilt for choice with the excellent golf courses within easy reach including Ballymoney Golf Club and Courtown Golf Club just a 5 minute drive away.

Accessibility:

- 5.5 km to Gorey
- 3.5 km to Ballymoney Beach
- 33 km to Brittas Bay
- 19 km to Arklow
- 44 km to Wicklow Town
- 105 km to Dublin City Centre
- 110 km to Dublin Airport
- 63 km to Greystones
- 73 km to Loughlinstown Roundabout

(All distances are approximate.)

Interior Description:

Entrance Hall:

Step into a bright and airy entrance hall, featuring black and cream marble tiles that reflect natural light, creating a welcoming ambiance.

Drawing Room:

To the left of the entrance hall, the drawing room offers breathtaking views of Tara Hill through large picture windows. A sliding door leads to the sun terrace and garden, seamlessly blending indoor and outdoor living. A raised stone fireplace with a wood-burning stove adds warmth and character to this inviting space.

Dining Room:

Connected to the drawing room through double doors, the dining room boasts a contemporary glass wall overlooking the entrance hall, enhancing the home's open and interconnected feel.

Kitchen & Living Area:

The kitchen, designed with modern conveniences in mind, features floor-to-ceiling windows that offer panoramic views and flood the space with natural light. The kitchen is equipped with high-end appliances and a peninsula island, perfect for meal preparation and casual dining. Double doors lead to a patio, ideal for outdoor entertaining. A wood-burning stove serves as the centrepiece of the living area, creating a cozy environment for family gatherings.

Bedrooms:

The home offers seven spacious double bedrooms, two with ensuite bathrooms. Each bedroom is bathed in natural light and features built-in wardrobes, providing ample storage.

Master Suite:

The master suite is a tranquil retreat, offering unobstructed views of Tara Hill through expansive picture windows. It includes a large walk-in wardrobe and a luxurious ensuite bathroom with a standalone jacuzzi bath, positioned to soak in the stunning landscape, a spacious shower, a double sink, and WC.

Games Room:

Descending the stairs, you’ll find a fantastic games room complete with a kitchenette, wood-burning stove, and a snooker table—perfect for entertaining family and friends.

Additional Rooms:

The home also includes a utility room, a cloakroom with racks and hooks for outdoor gear, and a well-appointed home office, ideal for remote working.

Garage: 

Large incorporated garage with ample storage space for vehicles and equipment. Includes an internal stairway leading to the first floor.

Gardens & Grounds:

Tearmann is set on approx. 0.59 Ha (1.47 acres) of beautifully landscaped gardens and grounds. The property is accessed through electric gates, ensuring excellent security. A sweeping tarmac driveway lined with tall beech trees and laurel hedging provides a sense of seclusion and privacy.

The manicured lawns, flourishing flower beds, and meticulously maintained shrubs add splashes of color to the garden, while a secluded water feature offers a peaceful oasis for relaxation. 

Multiple patios surround the house, offering various spots to relax and take in the stunning countryside views.

The property also includes a garden shed for practical storage and a large garage with a roller door for secure vehicle storage.

Accessibility:

•	6.2 km to Gorey
•	25 km to Ferns
•	40 km to Enniscorthy
•	19 km to Arklow
•	44 km to Wicklow Town
•	107 km to Dublin City Centre
•	114 km to Dublin Airport
•	93 km to Waterford

(All distances are approximate.)

Tearmann offers an unparalleled opportunity to experience luxury living in a serene and picturesque setting, with the convenience of nearby amenities and easy access to Dublin and Waterford. This is a truly special property that must be seen to be fully appreciated.

Services:

The property is serviced by private well and septic tank. Oil fired central heating. High speed broadband is available in the area.

BER Details

C1

BER No:
116468760

Energy Performance Indicator:
173.11 kWh/m2/yr
Features: Tearmann, Tara Hill, Gorey, Co. Wexford, Y25H290€1,200,0007 Bed3 Bath548 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.694563,-6.226402
------------------------------
Address: SalesCohalan Downing12 The Paddocks, Maryborough Hill, Douglas, Co. Cork, T12W6PR€945,0004 Bed3 Bath172 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-12-the-paddocks-maryborough-hill-douglas-co-cork/5838688
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:172 m²A truly exceptional detached home in a quiet cul-de-sac just minutes’ walk from Douglas Village. 

Located in the prestigious Paddocks Development, the property was purchased new in 1992 by the current owners, and they have lavished care and attention on the house during their ownership. 

No.12 has a great south-facing garden to the rear, ample parking to the front and is just minutes’ walk from shopping centres, schools, restaurants, bars churches in Douglas Village. There is a regular bus service just 100m from the house. 

This is a rare opportunity to acquire a detached home in walk-in condition in a prime residential location. 

Accommodation

Ground Floor

Entrance Hall – Hardwood flooring
Guest WC – WC and wash hand basin

Lounge Room (5.1m x 3.7m) – Corniced ceiling, dado rail, bay window, white marble fireplace with gas fire fitted, double doors leading in from hallway, ceiling height 2.8m.

Dining Room (3.4m x 3.2m) – Bay window, corniced ceiling, double doors leading in from hallway, ceiling height 2.8m.

Family Room (4.6m x 3.2m) – Polished hardwood flooring, fireplace with cast iron insert and gas fire fitted, recessed lighting, connecting door through to kitchen, sliding door out to south-facing patio and garden. 

Kitchen (5.4m x 3.9m) – Extremely well fitted with high quality kitchen units, integrated appliances including Siemens double oven, ceramic hob and extractor unit, fridge, dishwasher, sink unit with Insinkerator (food waste disposer), ceramic tile floor, recessed lighting, south-facing windows and roof light. 

Pantry Area - off the kitchen with gas central heating unit and storage space. 

Utility (3.9m x 1.7m) – extensive range of high-quality cabinets and storage, stainless steel sink unit, integrated appliances, washing machine and dryer, door out to garden at rear. 

First Floor

Main Bedroom (4.5m x 4.2m) – complete wall of fitted wardrobes with mirrored door, bow window with excellent views towards Cork City. 

En-suite (2.4m x 1.7m) – shower room with pumped multi jet shower & steam room with cubicle, sink unit, fitted cabinets and storage, WC, fully tiled floor and walls. 

Bedroom 2 (4.2m x 3.1m) – double fitted wardrobes, built in bookshelves

Bedroom 3 (3.6m x 3.1m) - double fitted wardrobes

Bedroom 4 (2.7m x 2.3) – double fitted wardrobe

Main Bathroom (2.3m x 2.0m) – WC, wash hand basin, bath with electric shower fitted, fully tiled floor and walls, Stira to attic area. 
Hot press on Landing

Outside:
South facing garden at rear with garden shed, lawn area tiered levels with mature trees, very private. 
Garden to the front is laid out in lawn and has an ample parking area.  

Features:
> Electric Car Charging Point
> Attic floored for storage
> Gas Fired Central Heating 
> South facing rear garden
> Walking distance of Douglas Village 
> Ideal family home
Features: Virtual Tour12 The Paddocks, Maryborough Hill, Douglas, Co. Cork, T12W6PR€945,0004 Bed3 Bath172 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.874039,-8.427696
------------------------------
Address: Barry ConnollyLisney Sotheby's International Realty (Howth Road)1 Thulla Dunbo Hill Howth, Howth, Dublin 13, D13V089€5,500,0005 Bed6 Bath662 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-1-thulla-dunbo-hill-howth-howth-dublin-13/5841311
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:662 m²Thulla on Dunbo Hill in Howth is a small enclave of exclusive properties in the heart of Howth Village, No 1 must be seen to be believed. It is over 7,000 sqft of the most elegant, refined accommodation available anywhere in 2024. The property is laid out over three floors with an interior design which is both stylish and sophisticated with modern comforts beyond extraordinary. The property is situated behind electric gates in and is both private and secure in an extremely convenient location. The setting provides an atmosphere that is both quiet and serene whilst the layout and design overlooking the harbour connects the residence with the activity below creating a really beautiful and ever-changing vista. The accommodation includes 5 bedrooms all ensuite, an abundance of open plan living space at hall level whilst a ground floor level there is a cinema room, temperature-controlled wine cellar, fully equipped home gym, a Norwegian sauna and outdoor stainless-steel hot-tub, steam rooms and luxurious home office. There is ample secure parking for 4/5 cars, a private rear garden trimmed by a herringbone limestone path and flanked by mature olive trees overlooking the west pier of the harbour. Every inch of this spectacular home has been carefully considered, every door handled consciously selected to complement its surroundings and is more akin to a five-star boutique hotel than a 5-bedroom home in one of Dublin’s most exclusive locations, all overlooking Howth Harbour and Ireland’s Eye beyond. 

The views from all three levels are equally exquisite and endlessly interesting. Somehow the vista is both serenely peaceful and at times a plethora of colour and activity. The landscape is ever changing from sunrise to the east, throughout the day to the most beautiful sunsets Dublin has to offer and later, in the evening as the harbour lights up below on the West Pier. The property was at first designed and then enhanced to make the most of these breathtaking views. As you enter this five-star home the tone is set to ‘Premium’ immediately. There is a stunning herringbone solid oak hardwood floor throughout the bright, spacious, welcoming hallway. As you traverse the hall to the reception rooms beyond, your eye is instantly drawn through glass double doors where Irelands eye in the distance is framed by the picture-window in the living room. The main living room and the kitchen / dining room are seamlessly connected and have an open plan layout whilst each space is very clearly defined. The kitchen / dining room runs the full length of the property and could only be described as opulent. Designed to make the most of the views over the harbour the kitchen has six metre long island unit as the focal point with a marble countertop and teak breakfast bar, with integrated appliances an induction hob and extractor hood overhead, a kitchen fit to host the most lavish dinner parties. The many features of this impressive kitchen include integrated ‘Gaggenau’ appliances, an air conditioned larder, a full height wine fridge along with a UV light neatly disguised over the generous countertop to encourage a small indoor herb garden. The bespoke kitchen units are crossed grain, dark oak panels with solid bronze handles which are at first glance understated but up close really quite elegant, separating the kitchen and dining room there is a beautiful, back lit ‘Crittal’ glass display cabinet. There is ample space to entertain or dine formally in the dining room at one end of the kitchen and at the other three large glass panel, concertina doors draw back to connect this space to the large patio / terrace ideal for dining outdoors any time of the year. The living room is equally impressive with two floor to ceiling picture windows either side of a feature gas fire, ‘Bang and Olufsen’ TV inset and a curved, tiled fire surround. 

At ground floor level there are several features of this distinctive residence that really set it apart from almost anything else available on the market today. There are two bedroom suites complete with luxurious ensuite bathrooms fully tiled with rainfall, steam-room showers in both. Each room also enjoys the benefit of direct access through sliding doors to a private south facing terrace. From back to front a neat hallway connects the bedroom suites to the gym, spa, cinema utility and study beyond. On route you will encounter a wine cellar which is beautifully crafted from solid white oak and marble, back lit and plumbed behind Crittal doors, a work of art in itself, a cellar which would be suitable for the finest of fine wine collections. There are double doors here which open to reveal a home gym that can cater for the whole family at the same time. The view once again begins to come back into focus with a small hallway behind glass doors between your daily work out and a ‘Gessi’ outdoor shower, a ‘Brass Monkey’ ice bath and the stainless steel hot tub on the deck overlooking Ireland’s Eye, yet completely hidden from view. The Gymnasium together with the large Norwegian Sauna and outdoor amenities on the deck create a fairly unique outdoor / indoor wellness spa which can be enjoyed at any time of the year in complete privacy all with breathtaking views. 

On the other side of the hall is a study which feels slightly removed from the rest of the home and is yet still connected and cosy. This space provides for a peaceful retreat ideal for rest and relaxation or alternatively to will afford the new owners with a quiet space to focus while working from home. The flooring is for the most part wooden herringbone but at ground floor level it is white ash instead of oak which adds to the brightness throughout. Beside the study there is a large fully fitted cinema room complete with multi-tiered sofa beds, again with enough room to host the whole family or a small birthday party. The utility and storage room are fitted with top of the range ‘Gaggeneau’ appliances to complete the accommodation a ground floor level. Even whilst doing the laundry one can enjoy the scenery as far as the Mountains of Mourne on a clear day.

On the first floor there are three more bedrooms and a laundry closet. Two of the bedrooms are double rooms both ensuite with walk in wardrobes and a designated study space. These two rooms also benefit from an elevated position and a view toward the lush green hills of the ‘Ben of Howth’ to the South. The main bedroom truly is the jewel in this crown. The dressing room comes complete with a bespoke, cushioned wardrobe and vanity unit with a glass display case for your jewellery along with a his and hers walk in wardrobe. The ensuite bathroom would not be out of place in any of the finest hotels in the country. There is a view in the mirror whilst brushing your teeth in the morning of Irelands Eye and Lambay Island in the distance. The bath has an overflow which creates an infinity pool effect with a separate double shower where you can enjoy the views as far the horizon at sunrise. The bedroom itself has a split level lay out where you step down to the bedroom. There is additional wardrobe space here (just in case) and the bed is perfectly positioned to give complete privacy but also offers a discreet view of the harbour from where you could watch the world go by with a coffee on a lazy Sunday morning. The upper level has a fully fitted study desk and two armchairs placed right in front of the floor to ceiling corner window, if No 1 Thulla was to compete for the ‘House of the Year’ this would the where the owners would put the famous red spot. An idyllic setting to take in the view, particularly as the sun goes down on the day and the harbour lights up. 

Howth has long been home to the rich and famous, but Thulla offers something the most salubrious locations in Dublin simply cannot match. Opulence, elegance and abundant floor space, every conceivable modern comfort, unrivalled views from almost every room all right in the heart of Howth Village. Google maps indicates the DART station is just an 8-minute walk door to door. All of the eateries and amenities that make the Peninsula endlessly popular are quite literally right on your doorstep. The journey to the city is 20km and just 30 mins on the DART. You can be at home in bed in 30 minutes once you collect your bag in Dublin Airport just 17km away. All considered Thulla is about as exclusive as it gets in Dublin and this One-of-a-kind property is No 1 for a reason.
 
Entrance Porch (2.63m x 2.25m )Double full length glass panel doors open into a fully tiled floor and there is a double cloakroom behind solid oak doors and the front door which leads to the main hall
Entrance Hall (8.29m x 6.82m )The reception hall is bright, inviting and welcoming. There is a stunning herringbone solid wood oak flooring which flows throughout the majority of the hall level accommodation. There is plenty of room for a large consult table and lots of wall space with downlighters to showcase artwork. There is access to all the reception rooms from here the stairwell and guest WC
Kitchen Dining Room (15.09m x 7.78m )This open plan room runs full length of the property with a dual aspect making it bright from morning to evening. The dining area enjoys a southerly aspect and views toward the green hills of Howth. There is a door to the side passage and a Crittal window display cabinet with separates the living dining space and the kitchen. Here a six metre long island crafted from marble and teak is the centrepiece. The kitchen features integrated Gaggeneau appliances, an air conditioned pantry, a full length wine fridge and a marble counter top. The units are purpose built, bespoke, crossed grain dark oak doors with solid bronze handles. Large panel concertina glass doors fold away to connect the kitchen to the patio and 'Al Fresco' dining. The main living room / reception room is just off the kitchen and designed to be distinct from but seamlessly connected to this space
Guest WC (2.41m x 2.11m )Spacious, fully tiled guest washroom
Living Room (7.78m x 7.50m )The living room is decadent. There are two picture windows which stretch from floor to ceiling and beautifully frame the view of the harbour, Irelands Eye and Lambay in the distance. In between the two windows there is a feature curved, tiled fire wall with gas fire and Bang & Olufsen TV both inset
Master Bedroom (7.78m x 7.50m )The main bedroom would not be out of place as a suite in any of the country's finest hotels. The split level layout, lavish en-suite bathroom and abundant closet space provided for with a wall of wardrobes and separate dressing room complete with his and hers walk-ins. There is a purpose built workstation / night desk which divides the sleeping quarters to the lounge on the raised tier alongside there are two armchairs well placed to take in the views of the harbour and sunset through dual aspect floor to ceiling windows
Dressing Room (5.63m x 1.79m )The dressing room is tastefully decorated and yet very cleverly designed to make the very most of the space. There is a custom built vanity unit with curved edges and a cushioned finish, his and hers walk in wardrobes and an appropriate place to store / display all your shoes and bags! There is also a neatly disguised display case for your jewellery as the centre piece of the vanity unit
Master en-suite (5.36m x 4.04m )The master ensuite might well stake a claim to be the best on the island of Ireland. The oversized bathtub has an infinity effect overflow with plantation shutters which can offer extra privacy when shut or thrown open to make the most of the spectacular views of the harbour. There is a double shower which presents another aspect, while standing beneath the rainfall shower head you can stare out as far as the horizon with incredible sunrise can be enjoyed everyday. Even the reflected view in the mirror when you are scrubbing your teeth in the morning is pretty special
Bedroom 2 (6.11m x 5.81m )Bedroom 2 enjoys views of the hillside in Howth to the south from an elevated position on the top floor. There is plenty of wardrobe space, a walk in dressing room a designated study space and an en-suite bathroom. All five bedrooms are en-suite with the same high end finish all with a different subtle variation on design and layout
Bed 2 En-suite (2.78m x 2.56m )The en-suite has distinct pink hue to the tile wall to wall, a separate shower enclosure and rainfall shower head
Bedroom 3 (3.83m x 3.79m )Bed 3 shares the same view to the south with a lovely sunny aspect morning to night. The third bedroom has a separate study with room for a 3 seater suite, a walk in wardrobe en-suite shower room and an aura wall which is quite a unique feature which can be set to whatever best reflects your mood at any given time
Bed 3 En-suite (2.37m x 2.36m )Fully tiled comprising wc whb and separate shower enclosure
Bed 3 study (3.55m x 3.37m )Fully fitted study desk with shelves over head and enough room for a 3 seater couch for regular study breaks whilst enjoying the view to the south
Gymnasium (7.78m x 7.35m )The Gym is at the centre of the wellness centre / spa on the ground floor. Large enough to accommodate a full suite of exercise equipment and a selection of free weights for the whole family to enjoy. The gym sits side by side with the Norwegian Sauna and immediately outside is the 'Brass Monkey' ice bath, the stainless-steel hot tub and a large outdoor shower all dotted around the multi level deck over looking the Irish Sea
Sauna (4.55m x 3.08m )There is enough space for 4/5 at anytime with several heat sources available depending on just how hot you like it. There is a picture window which frames Irelands Eye in the distance
Home Cinema (6.58m x 5.21m )With two raised tiers of seating and hand selected leather sofa chairs providing enough room for the whole family or a small birthday party complete with a high definition projector mounted on the ceiling
Office (4.16m x 2.00m )The office / study is off the hall downstairs next to the gym, cinema and the store room / utility. As such it is distinct from the rest of the residence and provides a quite space, a retreat for contemplation and reflection or just to get the head down and focus on work for a few hours. Complete with a view to the harbour, Crittal glass doors and windows and timber ceiling panels and spot lights. There is direct access to the outdoor deck which is connected to the garden and the patio next to the kitchen
Bedroom 4 (5.25m x 4.18m )Bedroom 4 has a wall of wardrobes and a secret door in the centre which gives way to the lavish en-suite shower room beyond complete with rainfall showerhead and a steam room function in the full tiled shower enclosure. There are two large glass panels to the south one which slides back to provide access to the private south facing sun terrace. Ideal for visiting guests or adult children
Bedr 4 en-suite (2.49m x 2.00m )
Bedroom 5 (5.25m x 3.28m )Bedroom 5 has a separate walk in dressing room, an en-suite shower room with rainfall showerhead and a steam room function in the full tiled shower enclosure. There are two large glass panels to the south one which slides back to provide access to the private south facing sun terrace and plenty of space for a study desk. Ideal for visiting guests or adult children
Bed 5 en-suite (4.08m x 2.47m )
South Courtyard (7.87m x 3.23m )A sun trap in summer with a high degree pf privacy all year round
Utility Room (5.39m x 2.75m )Fully fitted with Gaggeneau appliances and the best view of any laundry in the country bar none through Crittal windows
Outdoor Spa (8.15m x 7.67m )The multi-tiered deck connects the outdoor spa to both the Gym & Sauna as well as the garden & the patio off the kitchen / living room upstairs. The Stainless steal hot tub is kept at a cosy 39 degrees and is the centre piece beside the 'Brass Monkey' ice bath and outdoor shower. A full grown Bonsai Tree adds to the privacy and serenity along with the indirect lighting which allows for this spa to be used any time of the day or any day of the year
Features: 1 Thulla Dunbo Hill Howth, Howth, Dublin 13, D13V089€5,500,0005 Bed6 Bath662 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.387728,-6.070834
------------------------------
Address: Geraldine HennessySherry FitzGerald ClontarfPalermo, 4 Seafield Road West, Clontarf, Dublin 3, D03YK19€2,100,0004 Bed3 Bath243 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-4-seafield-road-west-clontarf-dublin-3/5573288
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:243 m²Sherry FitzGerald is delighted to present to the market 4 Seafield Road West. Set well back from the road, No. 4 is a substantial four bedroomed detached dormer bungalow, measuring approximately 243sq.m/2,616sq.ft plus an additional 26sq.m/279sq.ft of outdoor storage including a detached garage.  Positioned on one of the most popular and prestigious roads in Clontarf, this fine property is surrounded by wonderful mature gardens extending to approximately .3 acres with excellent potential to extend (subject to pp).  Built in the 1930’s, the original bungalow was extended circa 1998 on the ground floor and first floor level to include a kitchen/family room, a very spacious living/dining room and two large bedrooms and en-suite on the first floor. The house has undergone some recent renovation work and comes to the market presented is excellent condition throughout, the upgrades include a tiled porch, new flooring, stylish bathroom and en-suite, insulation and upgrades to the electrics.  

Accommodation

A newly tiled veranda leads to a bright and very welcoming L shaped entrance hallway. Off the hall to the left is the lounge featuring a beautiful bay window and open fireplace. To the rear of the property via a big utility room is an integrated kitchen/breakfast room overlooking the vibrant garden, with double doors to a very spacious living/dining room with open fireplace and its own custom-built bar. This grand room enjoys direct access to the magnificent garden with newly fitted patio laid in Indian Sandstone. There are two generous double bedrooms on the ground floor, the largest of the two is a sizeable room to the front of the property with a newly fitted dressing area and en-suite bathroom. The second bedroom is another double with a generous array of built in wardrobes.  The contemporary bathroom suite comprises a free-standing bath, separate shower, wash hand basin with storage, wc and a heated towel rail. Upstairs the skylights allow the landing to flood with natural light. Off the landing are two considerable bedrooms, the main bedroom is en-suite with a walk-in closet and the second bedroom has built in wardrobes. 

Gardens

The house is set amid wonderful gardens with an abundance of plants and shrubs providing great privacy. To the front the garden is lawned with a cobblelock driveway providing excellent off-street parking. There is a detached garage (16sq.m) and two concrete built garden sheds, all with electricity and pedestrian access to the back of the property.  The large garden to the rear is an outstanding feature with mature lawn and an array of colourful plants, shrubs and a rockery bed with water feature and pond.  There is excellent potential to extend this superb property further subject to the necessary pp.  

Location

‘Palermo’ occupies an envious location on one of Clontarf’s most sought-after roads. Conveniently situated in the heart of Clontarf, the property is within walking distance to an array of shops, salons and restaurants on Vernon Avenue, the ever-popular St Anne’s Park and stunning coastal walks along Clontarf’s promenade. There are excellent primary and secondary schools in the immediate area including Belgrove National School located on the same road. There is a choice of restaurants, cafes, pubs, specialist boutiques and salons close by. Sporting enthusiasts can enjoy many recreational facilities and clubs. For golf lovers there is the world-famous Royal Dublin and St Annes golf clubs together with many water sports activities. Commuting further afield is also easily accessible with both the M50 and the M1 motorways within easy access, Dublin airport is within 15 minutes’ drive and Dublin City is a close 4 kms distance away.  The area is very well serviced by public transport including a frequent bus service (130) to the city centre and Killester DART Station is just a short 15 minute walk and provides swift access to the city and beyond.  Locations don’t come more central or family friendly. 

If you would like a viewing, please email us or call the office directly on 01 8336555 to arrange an appointment with the agent Geraldine Hennessy. If you wish to place an offer, please visit www.sherryfitz.ie where you can register to make an offer on this property.

Ground Floor

Entrance Hall 1.5m x 4.2m x 4.5m. L shaped entrance hallway, bright and welcoming, new wood flooring

Lounge 3.9m x 4.2m. Located to the front of the property, bay window, attractive open fireplace, new carpet flooring

Kitchen/Dining/Family Room 3.9m x 6.145m. Open plan kitchen/dining/family room, integrated kitchen, access to rear garden, double doors to living/dining room

Utility Room 3.2m x 2.5m. Array of built in storage, wash hand basin, plumbed for washing machine and dishwasher, gas boiler

Living/Dining Room 9m x 6.145m. Sizeable living/dining room, open fireplace, wood flooring, custom built bar, sliding doors out to the rear garden

Bedroom 4 3.9m x 4.2m. Double bedroom, built in wardrobes, wood flooring

Bedroom 3 4.1m x 6.7m. Located to the front of the property, large double bedroom, new carpet flooring and dressing area

En-Suite Bathroom 2.9m x 2.2m. Newly fitted en-suite bathroom, fully tiled, comprising bath, wash hand basin with storage, wc.

Bathroom 2.4m x 3.1m. Comtemporary bathroom suite, newly fitted, comprising free standing bath, separate shower cubicle, wash hand basin with storage, wc, towel rail

First Floor

Bedroom 1 5m x 5.4m. Large double bedroom, new carpet flooring, dual aspect

Walk-in Closet 1.9m x 1.4m. Generous storage/dressing room

Bedroom 2 4.95m x 5.4m. Spacious double bedroom, new carpet flooring, built in wardrobes, dual aspect.

En-Suite 2.2m x 2m. Fully tiled, comprising shower cubicle, wash hand basin with storage, wc.

Garage 3.1m x 5.2m. Detached, concrete built garage with electricity,

Garden Shed 2.6m x 3.8. Concrete built shed with new roof, wired for electricity

Garden Shed .85m x 1.5m. Concrete built shed with new roof, wired for electricity
Features: VideoPalermo, 4 Seafield Road West, Clontarf, Dublin 3, D03YK19€2,100,0004 Bed3 Bath243 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.364865,-6.203414
------------------------------
Address: Nigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersNigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersBallynastangford Lower, Claremorris, Ballynastangford, Co. Mayo, F12W827€305,0004 Bed2 Bath1800 m²BungalowViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-ballynastangford-lower-claremorris-ballynastangford-co-mayo/5843584
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:1800 m²New to the Market 

4 Bedroom Luxury Country Residence in showhouse condition throughout, On Large Mature Elevated Site Located just off the main N60 Claremorris/Castlebar road.

This well cared for residence has just come to the market. 

It offers: 
Porch 4.07 x 3.01 
pvc entrance door with lino flooring, hardwood door to entrance hall. 

Entrance hall 13.04 x 6.02 fitted carpet, hardwood door, fitted dado rail and coving as feature. 

Inner hall 30.09 x 3.07 fitted carpet and dado rail. 

Sitting room 25.03 x 11.04 solid fuel stove with cream marble surround and granite hearth, fitted carpet, curtains, blinds, coving and centre piece light as feature 

Kitchen/dining 15.05 x 13.05 pine fitted kitchen, tiled between units, fitted curtains and Lino flooring. 

Utility 9.04 x 8.05 fitted units, tiled between units and half tiled walls, Lino flooring, electric hob with oven, hotpress and door to attic. 

Main bathroom 9.04 x 6.10 wc, whb and vanity unit, walkin electric shower fully tiled, fully tiled floor and walls, storage unit. 

Master bedroom 10.5 x 9.03 fitted carpet, curtains and fitted wardrobes 

En-suite 5.08 x 4.08 wc, whb,tiled floor and fitted blind. 

Bedroom 2: 11.05 x 8.08 fitted carpet, curtains and fitted wardrobe. 

Bedroom 3: 10.01 x 9.05 fitted carpet, curtains and wardrobe. 

Bedroom 4: 9.04 x 9.01 fitted curtains, carpet and fitted wardrobe. 

Outside: 
block boundary wall to front of property, hardcore drive to front side and back of property, mature gardens to front and rear with mature trees, hedging and shrubbery surrounding the property. 

General: 
Close to all amenities of Claremorris town, Church, Schools, Banks, Swimming pool, Hotel, Aldi, Lidl, Tesco and train station.

The property has the following: 

Oil fired central heating, solid fuel stove, pvc windows and doors, Septic tank and mains water supply.

Detached storage shed 16.10 x 11.06 concrete floor double entrance doors. 

Viewing comes highly recommended by the sole agent and strictly by appointment only. 

Contact Martin Finn Auctioneers Claremorris on 094 9362216 
Licence no 002031 

Everything we touch turns to SOLD
Features: Ballynastangford Lower, Claremorris, Ballynastangford, Co. Mayo, F12W827€305,0004 Bed2 Bath1800 m²Bungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.767486,-9.050986
------------------------------
Address: Nigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersNigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersRockfield, Claremorris, Barnycarroll, Co. Mayo, F12HX30€275,0003 Bed1 BathBungalowViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-rockfield-claremorris-barnycarroll-co-mayo/5814958
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyNew to the Market 
3 Bedroom Luxury Bungalow On Elevated Site.
Located half way between Claremorris and Knock just off the main N17 in the country village of Rockfield. 

This ready to go property offers elegance , luxury and convenience to all local towns and villages.

It offers:
Front porch;

Kitchen/dining room;

Living room with open fireplace; 

Three fully decorated bedrooms; 

Utility room; 

Modern bathroom; 

Hotpress;

Oil fire central heating; double glazing fitted.

Outside:
Driveway gated; large garden area; Also on site 18ft x 12ft garage. 

Viewing comes highly recommended by the sole agent and by appointment only.

Contact Martin Finn Auctioneers Claremorris on 094 9362216

Everything we touch turns to SOLD
Features: Rockfield, Claremorris, Barnycarroll, Co. Mayo, F12HX30€275,0003 Bed1 BathBungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.768579,-8.947739
------------------------------
Address: Nigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersNigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersBunacurry, Achill, Co. Mayo€395,0003.5 acSiteViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/site-bunacurry-achill-co-mayo/5835950
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:3.5 acNew to the Market 

c.3.16 Acre Elevated Residential Parcel of Land With Frontage onto two roads With Old house and Buildings Located in Bunacurry this elevated sloping parcel of land has development potential with panoramic views out over the ocean in the distance.

This vibrant village has easy access to Keel Bay, Achill Sound and all other scenic areas on offer on the the island.

The dwelling and outbuildings are in need of extensive repair but having access from two roads leaves the potential of this property wide open for many types of development. 

It is part of Folio MY30547 and the plot is registered freehold. Piped water is passing by and electricity connection is at the old house property. 

Viewing comes highly recommended by the sole agent and by appointment only.

Contact Martin Finn Auctioneers Claremorris on 094 9362216

Everything we touch turns to SOLD
Features: Bunacurry, Achill, Co. Mayo€395,0003.5 acSite
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.975226477542,-9.9690088750436
------------------------------
Address: Dermot Lynch MIPAV PSR 007203Dan Howard & Co. Ltd11 The Ferns, Foxwood, Rochestown, Co. Cork, T12C2PC€350,0002 Bed3 Bath88 m²Semi-DSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-11-the-ferns-foxwood-rochestown-co-cork/5843252
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:88 m²11 The Ferns, Foxwood
Rochestown, Cork
T12C2PC

Dan Howard & Co. Ltd Auctioneers are pleased to offer for sale 11 The Ferns, Foxwood in Rochestown.
This is a superb 2 bedroomed semi detached house with a large garden to the rear that is not over looked. There is side access, with is very beneficial.
Its a double fronted house with the living room on the left, having double doors leading to a patio and garden, on the right there is a stunning kitchen, also having direct access to the rear garden.
Upstairs, there are 2 double bedrooms both with built in robes and ensuite facilities.
Location:
Foxwood is a much sought after area on the South side of Cork City. Its is located in the townland of Garryduff. No. 11 faces a large green area.

Accommodation:
Reception Hallway: 3.8m x 1.96m - beautifully tiled flooring and w/c off 
Guest WC: 1.85m x 1.8m 
Sitting Room: 4.8m x 3.0m 
Kitchen/Dining Room: 4.8m x 2.9m 
STAIRS 
Bedroom 1: 4.8m x 3.0m - built in robes, ensuite off 
Ensuite: 2.3m x 1.8m 
Bedroom 2: 3.15m x 2.85m - built in robes, ensuite off 
Ensuite: 2.3m x 1.8m 
Landing with airing cupboard off

VIEWING OF THIS STUNNING PROPERTY COMES HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
Features: 11 The Ferns, Foxwood, Rochestown, Co. Cork, T12C2PC€350,0002 Bed3 Bath88 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.868354,-8.403102
------------------------------
Address: Dermot Lynch MIPAV PSR 007203Dan Howard & Co. Ltd10 Cathedral Avenue, Shandon Street, Cork City, Co. Cork, T23DEC6€125,0002 Bed1 Bath56 m²TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-10-cathedral-avenue-shandon-street-cork-city-co-cork/5843337
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:56 m²***CONTACT DERMOT LYNCH ON 087 2622382*** 

10 Cathedral Avenue, Shandon Street
Cork City, Co. Cork
T23DEC6

Dan Howard & Co. Ltd Auctioneers are delighted to offer for sale 10 Cathedral Ave, off Shandon Street in Cork City.
A beautiful location, steeped in history and right beside Shandon Bells. 
The property is in need of full renovation and qualifies "The Vacant Property Refurbishment Grant" of up to €70,000.

Reception Hallway: 
Sitting Room: 2.8m x 2.6m - with open fire place and corner unit 
Kitchen/Dining Room: 3.4m x 3.0m - built in kitchen units and open fire place 
Bedroom 1: 3.8m x 3.1m 
Bedroom 2: 3.7m x 2.7m 
Shower Room: 2.2m x 1.5m - shower cubicle, wash hand basin and WC 
Landing with storage press
Features: 10 Cathedral Avenue, Shandon Street, Cork City, Co. Cork, T23DEC6€125,0002 Bed1 Bath56 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.903835,-8.476511
------------------------------
Address: Gerard Hanley MIPAV REV MMCEPISherry FitzGerald HanleyThe Square, Claremorris, Co Mayo, F12C6X8€500,0004 Bed2 Bath143 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-the-square-claremorris-co-mayo/5708473
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:143 m²We are delighted to bring this unique property to the market in Claremorris.  It is very rare that a property like this comes to the market in the centre of Claremorris town.   The property is comprised of a four-bedroom, two-storey house to the front with derelict house adjacent and a large garden to the rear.  The house is owner occupied and is good condition.   The derelict house adjacent may be eligible for the vacant home grant of up to €70,000.  There is a large garden to the rear and a selection of outbuildings.  The overal site area extends to 0.369 acres.

There is potential to live in or rent out the existing house and develop the rear for residential or commercial occupation.

The property is zoned "Town centre" which provides for a broad range of development opportunities.

Eircode: F12C6X8

Contact us to arrange a viewing.

To see current offers or place your own offer on this property, please visit SherryFitz.ie and register for your mySherryFitz account.
Features: The Square, Claremorris, Co Mayo, F12C6X8€500,0004 Bed2 Bath143 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.719378,-8.997119
------------------------------
Address: Tommy Carmody PSR Lic No: 004329Tommy Carmody's Property House9 Walshes Terrace, Strand Street, Tralee, Co. Kerry, V92TCV5€199,0002 Bed2 Bath75 m²TerraceSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-9-walshes-terrace-strand-street-tralee-co-kerry/5841400
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:75 m²*2 bed home with lovely garden *Ideal 1st Time buyer home, rightsizing home or Investment (Great Yield likely) *Walking distance to Town, Schools and all amenities with the Bons Secours Hospital on your doorstep. * Recently Extended.  *Warm, Cosy feel throughout. *Attic 

Tommy Carmody's Property House is excited to bring 9 Walshes Terrace, Tralee to the market. It is within walking distance of Tralee Town Centre and all the amenities that come with it and as the Bons Secours Hospital on its door step. It is also within easy reach of beaches at Fenit and Banna. 

The home itself has recently been extended to include a large open plan Kitchen/Dining Quarter with direct access to a lovely, private garden. Accommodation briefly comprises of 2 x bedrooms, 2 x bathrooms, a lovely living room, a bright, spacious kitchen/dining quarters and attic. Outside benefits from a block built shed to rear and a great garden which includes a mature lawn, landscaping and terrace.

 CALL OR TEXT TOMMY ON 0877060530 TO ARRANGE A VIEWING TIME SLOT

Accommodation

Ground Floor

Foyer: Approx 1.86m x 1m: Warm and welcoming with decorative tiling on floor. 

Hallway: Approx 4m x 2.9m with timber floors and understairs storage.

Bedroom A: approx. 4.75m x 3: This room is situated at the front of the home and is currently used as a living room. It includes a new, feature fireplace with cast iron surround and stove and marble Hearth, with wooden floor, Coving and Cornicing

Kitchen/ Dining Quarters: approx. 6.5m x 3.95m This room is naturally bright given it has double doors to the garden and 2 x Velux windows (with electric blind function). It flows really well and offers plenty of floor and wall mounted storage which runs the length of the room, stainless steel sink, cooker + hob and is plumbed for washing machine. It has wooden floors in the Dining section and tiled flooring in the kitchen section. The hot press is incorporated into the room.

Guest WC: Includes a double shower, vanity unit, WC & WHB. It is fully tiled.

UPSTAIRS
Landing : Carpeted and offers access to 2 x bedrooms, family bathroom and attic.

Office/Den approx. 3.43 x 2.75m: This is a great room and was previously used as a bedroom. It is situated at the rear of the home. It benefits from built in sliding robes, carpeted floor. 

Bedroom B approx. 2.8m x 2.74m: Situated to the front of the home it is used as a double bedroom and benefits from built in sliding robes, carpeted floor.

Family bathroom approx. 1.6m x 1.52m: Modern bathroom complete with electric shower, WC, WHB and light up mirror and has fully tiled walls and floor. 

Attic: Accessed through a Stira. It has light and is part floored for storage.

Garden: The garden is a great size and very private. It is mainly laid out in lawn with shrubbery and rose bushes. There is a terrace area immediately outside the Kitchen/Dining double doors and a large block built shed at the rear with power. It could suit intending purchasers to convert this space to a home office.

Want to know more? 

Whilst every care has been taken in the preparation of these particulars, and they are believed to be correct, they are not warranted and intending purchasers / lessees should satisfy themselves as to the correctness of information given.
Features: 9 Walshes Terrace, Strand Street, Tralee, Co. Kerry, V92TCV5€199,0002 Bed2 Bath75 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.269038,-9.713973
------------------------------
Address: Jeffrey Brophy MSc. MIPAV PSRA No. 003455-004872Brophy CusackCarrick Road, Kilmoganny, Co. Kilkenny, R95F584€350,0004 Bed2 BathDetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-carrick-road-kilmoganny-co-kilkenny/5837043
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyNestled on a generous 0.6-acre site in the heart of Kilmoganny, Co. Kilkenny, this impressive detached residence offers breathtaking views of the rolling countryside. Built in 2003, the property spans approximately 146 sqm and is finished to a high standard. 

Internally, the home boasts a welcoming entrance hall, a spacious kitchen, a bright living room, a utility room, four well-appointed bedrooms (one currently used as a walkin wardrobe), two modern bathrooms and an office. 

Featuring oil-fired central heating and pump cavity wall insulation, this home ensures comfort and energy efficiency. 

Externally the property is accessed via a sweeping tarmac driveway and gated entrance.This residence also features a detached garage, 3 stables and a haybarn to the rear. 

Local amenities include Kilmoganny Health Centre, Dunphy's Bar, St Josephs Nursing Home & St Matthews Church. 

The property is just 35KM from Waterford City and 25KM from Kilkenny City.  

For further information or to arrange a viewing contact Brophy Cusack on 051 511333.
Features: Virtual TourCarrick Road, Kilmoganny, Co. Kilkenny, R95F584€350,0004 Bed2 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.459443,-7.333198
------------------------------
Address: Fran Grincell PropertiesFran Grincell Properties6 Wellington Square, Kilkenny, Co. Kilkenny, R95A6W3€295,0003 Bed2 Bath157 m²TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-flat-1-6-wellington-square-kilkenny-co-kilkenny/5819671
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:157 m²Fran Grincell Properties is delighted to present for sale No. 6 Wellington Square. A stunning Georgian residence located in the heart of Kilkenny City. Offering a unique opportunity to acquire a piece of history, situated just 100 metres from Kilkenny's main shopping thoroughfare.
Wellington Square, positioned at the top of Chapel Lane, features a gated, pillared entrance leading to an open courtyard. Originally designed and constructed to house military officers from the nearby army barracks, this terrace of houses boasts remarkable architectural features that remain today.
No. 6 Wellington Square is a three-floor residence with a basement, showcasing the original front door, fanlight, and an intact stairway that adds to its historic charm. The property presents a versatile opportunity for buyers, whether as a splendid residential home or a potential buy to let. Additionally, there is the potential to renovate the property into suite rooms, combining both residential and commercial uses.
As you explore the property, the magnificent original staircase serves as a striking feature, ensuring easy access to each floor. The large Georgian windows throughout the house flood the interior with natural light, enhancing the living experience on every level. The property is presently used on all four levels.

The property is in excellent, dry condition and includes a charming outside courtyard space to the rear. At the front, residents benefit from shared parking and a lawned area, adding to the appeal of this historic home.
To fully appreciate the future potential and the options this property holds, we invite you to schedule a viewing by appointment. I will personally guide you through the property, offering insights into its potential uses and possibilities. Every courtesy will be extended to ensure a comprehensive and enjoyable viewing experience. I do have a great level of understanding on this type of property, having renovated one personally.

Don't miss this rare opportunity to own a piece of Kilkenny's architectural heritage. Contact Fran Grincell Properties to arrange your appointment today.

ALL OUR CLIENTS ARE VETTED BEFORE VIEWING YOUR HOME. 
WE DO NOT FACILITATE OPEN VIEWINGS. 
These particulars are issued strictly on the understanding that they do not form part of any contract and are provided, without liability, as a general guide only to what is being offered subject to contract and availability. They are not to be constructed as containing any representation of fact upon which any interested party is entitled to rely. Any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection or otherwise as to the accuracy of these particulars. The vendor does not make, give or imply nor is Fran Grincell or its staff authorized to make, give or imply any representation or warranty whatsoever in respect of this property. No responsibility can be accepted for any expenses incurred by intending purchasers in inspecting properties that have been sold, let, or withdrawn. Fran Grincell Properties are advertising this property with the instruction the property certificates and title documents are correct.

 *THINKING OF SELLING EMAIL OR CALL FOR SALES ADVICE PACK*
Features: Virtual Tour6 Wellington Square, Kilkenny, Co. Kilkenny, R95A6W3€295,0003 Bed2 Bath157 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.651816,-7.25581
------------------------------
Address: Janet Carroll MIPAV MMCEPI TRVJanet Carroll Estate Agent112 Springhill Avenue, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94CC83€850,0004 Bed1 Bath130 m²Semi-DOpen from Oct 19thADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-112-springhill-avenue-blackrock-co-dublin/5838168
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:130 m²Janet Carroll Estate Agents are delighted to offer ‘Palmyra’ 112 Springhill Avenue, a lovely semi-detached family home of approx. 130ms / 1400sq.ft, for sale by private treaty. Presented in good condition throughout it offers the new owner a well-built home, on a generous site, in this prime residential location. Nestled in a tranquil cul-de-sac in a sought-after Blackrock neighbourhood, this spacious four-bedroom home is the epitome of convenient living, with every amenity just a stroll away.

The rear of this home, which is not overlooked, offers serene views of lush parklands, a tennis club, and a playground, crafting an ideal backdrop for family life. Residents benefit from being within the esteemed catchment area for top-tier schools, including the new Educate Together secondary school soon to be completed. 

Step outside to find an abundance of local attractions. Just footsteps from your front door, enjoy a large playground, a dog-friendly park, the Granada Football Club, and Newtown Park Tennis Club. 

Properties like this on Springhill Avenue are a rare find, and this one stands out with its special private and mature landscaped garden, featuring two charming, paved patio areas—perfect for entertaining friends or enjoying peaceful afternoons.

This low-density residential area, surrounded by acres of beautifully maintained parkland and interconnected pedestrian pathways, offers a tranquil lifestyle with easy access to the vibrant heart of Blackrock and excellent transport links. Explore the delightful villages of Blackrock, Monkstown, and Deansgrange, on foot, 
where you can indulge in a variety of restaurants, quaint coffee shops, diverse shopping options, and a range of sports clubs. For sports enthusiasts and beach lovers, Seapoint Beach is only 2 km away, making it perfect for sea swimming and invigorating seaside walks.
 
With its perfect blend of spacious living and prime location, this home is a rare opportunity not to be missed. Schedule your viewing today and experience all that this enchanting property has to offer!

Nearby Primary Schools
-	Hollypark National School – walking distance 
-	Guardian Angels School, Newtownpark Avenue 
-	Carysfort National School, Convent Road 
-	St. Augustine's School, Obelisk Park 
-	All Saints National School, Carysfort Avenue 
-	Willow Park School, Rock Road 
-	Booterstown National School, Cross Avenue (Church of Ireland)
-	Our Lady of Mercy Convent School, Booterstown (Roman Catholic)
-	Lycée Francais d’Irlande, Foxrock Avenue – walking distance
-	Scoil Lorcáin, Eaton Square, Monkstown
-	
Nearby Secondary Schools
-	Blackrock College, Rock Road (Roman Catholic)
-	CBC Monkstown
-	Loreto College Foxrock (just off N11)
-	Oatlands College
-	Dominican College Sion Hill, Cross Avenue (Roman Catholic)
-	Newpark Comprehensive School, Newtownpark Avenue (Church of Ireland)
-	St. Andrew's College, Booterstown Avenue (Inter-Denominational)
-	Coláiste Eoin and Coláiste Íosagáin

Nearby Third Level Colleges
-	UCD Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School, Carysfort Avenue 
-	Newpark Music Centre, Newtownpark Avenue
-	Blackrock Further Education Institute (located in the centre of Blackrock)
-	Trinity College Dublin (via DART)
-	University College Dublin (via QBC or cycle lanes)



ACCOMMODATION

Entrance Porch: c. 5.49m x 2.00m

Attractive entrance door with glass panelled frames. Laminated flooring.

Guest WC: 

WC, wash hand basin, Tiled floor, recessed lighting, and extractor fan. 

Living Room/Dining room:  c. 6.23m x 3.71m

A large family room with dual aspect windows adding plentiful natural light. Ceiling coving. Fitted carpet. Marble open fireplace. Built in cabinets and bookshelves. 

Kitchen/breakfast room: c.6.23m x 3.57m

Superb view of the rear raised deck and landscaped garden with beautiful skyline. 
Fitted wall and floor units. Tiled splashbacks. Tiled flooring. Double patio door opens from the dining area. Open fireplace. Bosch fridge freezer and dishwasher. Bosch double ovens and Electrolux electric hob. Double stainless-steel sink with mixer taps. Door to the rear garden from the kitchen area. 

Utility Room: c.6.44m x 2.41m

This is a room that was originally the garage now converted to add additional accommodation for use as a utility room could also be used as a playroom or study. It is perfectly suited to a family for storing sports gear and wet clothes after rainy days. Bosch washing machine. Double doors to front drive. 

UPSTAIRS

Landing: 

Large spacious landing with access to the attic. Many of the neighbours have converted their attics to habitable accommodation. Door to the hot press with a modernised water storage tank. 

Bedroom 1: c. 3.84m 3.71m

Main bedroom. Built in wardrobe. Fitted carpet. 

Bedroom 2: c.2.47m x 2.41m

Fitted carpet. 

Bedroom 3: c.3.71m x 2.29m

Fitted carpet. Built in wardrobe. 

Bedroom 4: c. 3.40 x 3.93

Large double bedroom overlooking rear garden.

Family Bathroom: c. 2.23m x 2.05m

Converted into a luxurious shower room. Fully tiled with walk in shower cubicle. Shower with rain head shower head, W/C, wash hand basin fitted into a storage two drawer vanity unit. 

BER DETAILS

BER: D2`
BER Number: 
Energy Performance Indicator: 

OUTSIDE

To the front there is a great sense of privacy with off street parking for up to 4 cars. A mature hedge creates that sense of seclusion while still being in a wonderfully central location. There is also on street parking and access to local playing fields via paths close by.

The back garden is a family’s dream: spacious and long. This has both a large patio area for summer BBQs and evening drinks, as well as a lawn that any budding sports enthusiast will love using. An area for a shed is perfectly positioned towards the end to fit both hobby and DIY equipment. 

DIRECTIONS

Travelling down Kill Lane turn left at the Deansgrange Crossroads onto Deansgrange Road. Continue straight along this road and just before the traffic light junction, take the left turn onto Brookville Park. Continue straight onto Springhill Avenue. Turn right to stay on Springhill Avenue. Destination will be on the right.

Alternatively, Google search Eircode A94 CC83 from your current location.

VIEWING		
	
By appointment with Janet Carroll at 087 400 2020 or Email: janet at janetcarroll.ie

VIEWING
			
For a private appointment please email: andrew@janetcarroll.ie or phone Andrew on 086 3834703 or 01 288 2020

OFFERS

Offers to be sent in writing to andrew@janetcarroll.ie

IMPORTANT NOTICE  

Janet Carroll Estate Agents for themselves and for the vendors or lessors of this property whose agents they are, give notice that: - (i) The particulars are set out as a general outline for the guidance of intending purchasers or lessees, and do not constitute part of, an offer or contract. (ii) All descriptions, dimensions, references to condition and necessary permissions for use and occupation, and any other details are given in good faith and are believed to be correct, but any intending purchasers or tenants should not rely on them as statements or representations of fact but satisfy themselves by inspection or otherwise as to the correctness of each of them. (iii) No person in the employment of Janet Carroll Estate Agents has any authority to make or give any representations or warranty whatever in relation to this property. 

PLEASE NOTE

Please note we have not assessed any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate, and photographs provided are for guidance only.

PSRA Licence Number: 003434
Features: 112 Springhill Avenue, Blackrock, Co. Dublin, A94CC83€850,0004 Bed1 Bath130 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.284604,-6.173058
------------------------------
Address: Swords - David QuirkeFlynn Estate AgentsGlenshee House, Brownstown, Balheary€975,0006 Bed6 Bath337 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-glenshee-brownstown-swords-co-dublin/5717883
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:337 m²Flynn Estate Agents are delighted to bring `Glenshee House` to the open market for sale. The property is situated in the townland of Brownstown, a few minutes north of Swords in the rolling fields of North County Dublin. The property is a significant detached home on over an acre of land with 337.3 sq.m of living space that boasts a remarkable list of features including a B2 energy rating, double garage and spectacular master bedroom suite. Originally built in the 1970`s but significantly upgraded and extended in 2007 this property is not to be missed.
 
The property sits in tranquil farmland just north of Swords and is protected by mature planting generating a location that is both private and peaceful, whilst offering spectacular views over wide open green space. From the road, the electronic gates lead into a gravelled driveway with a turning circle that gives access to the double garage and parking. Up stone-flagged steps and in through the front door, the initial impression is one of space and light and this is a constant theme throughout. The entrance hallway provides a warm welcome with light that floods through skylights and tiled floors that bounce the light around adding to a stunning first impression. The main hallway provides access to the living spaces mostly to the Western end of the property and the bedrooms to the East. Semi solid wood floors cover the hallway and a majority of the internal space.
The living space is divided into a generous family room of approx. 81 sq.m, 2/3 further reception rooms, a utility room and 2 guest WC`s. The family room is to the rear of the property and incorporates kitchen, living and dining spaces with a travertine marble tiled floor and French doors to two aspects that lead out to a paved terrace wrapping around this side of the building. The `Scavolini` kitchen is of a beautiful modern design with mid-century touches to soften the edges and add warmth. It comprises a range of matching units with walnut and cream gloss fronts and granite counter tops. There is a large island unit with seating along one edge and a wealth of integrated appliances including 2 x fridge/freezers, a dishwasher, oven, microwave and hob. This open plan living space is a rare jewel that is of incredible value to families looking for space to be together or to entertainers looking for room to host. Further living space comprises a large dining room and a snug sitting room with a wood burning stove, ideal for cosy evenings and winters. There is a good sized reception room equally suited to an office, music room, 6th bedroom and much more. The utility/boot room off the kitchen has tiled floors, lots of storage space, plumbing for washing machine and tumble dryer, door through to a guest WC and a further door into the double garage.
 
Heading to the eastern end of the property, the master bedroom suite comprises the whole of the first floor and offers a private oasis away from the rest of the house. The bedroom is a large double that has glazing to two aspects and French Doors that lead out to a wraparound balcony giving elevated views over the surrounding fields. There is a large walk in wardrobe and a beautifully appointed, tiled bathroom with twin sinks, a shower, WC and bath. Downstairs, bedrooms 2 and 3 are both large doubles, each with integrated wardrobes and clean, tiled shower rooms en suite. Bedrooms 4 and 5 are both of an excellent size with one having built in wardrobes.
 
Externally the plot is measured at approximately 1.2 acres and is laid to lawn. There is an Indian sandstone terrace to the south and west facing aspects and a childrens climbing frame built in the garden. The double garage is attached to the western edge of the property and is accessible internally and by two `up and over` garage doors to the front. There is a concrete floor and high ceilings offering a flexible space with a variety of uses.
 
The property has a B2 BER rating and this comes from a number of integrated technologies. There is an Ochsner O-Tronic ground to water heat pump providing under floor heating throughout the property. Each room has a panel allowing individual temperatures to be set and managed. On the roof are solar panels providing hot water for the property and there is a supplementary Flo Gas tank in the garden to provide gas for the kitchen hob and a wall mounted fire in the living space. There was a `Bio Cycle` installed in 2007. The windows are, in the majority, triple glazed and argon filled providing the highest level of insulation with a small amount of double glazing elsewhere. Finally there is a Lutron Smart lighting system throughout making it easy to customize illumination to your exact needs and create ambiance. Entire house cat 6 cable wired and wired for electric curtains in main large living area.
 
Brownstown is a small townland in farming country just north of Swords. It offers the enviable balance of being surrounded by rolling countryside in all directions as far as the eye can see, but also is within 5km of the M1 motorway. This unique placement means that the M50, Dublin City and Dublin International Airport are all within easy reach. The town of Swords is less than 10 minutes by car and offers the shops and amenities of Swords Village, excellent schools and sports facilities as well as The Pavilions Shopping Centre and Airside retail Park. Further afield, the beaches, golf courses and coastal towns of Malahide, Portrane and Rush are all part of the charm of this unique location.
 
The property is available immediately and with no chain attached, so please call or email now to find out more about this beautiful home.


 
Accomodation:Entrance Porch - 3.45m (11'4") x 2.23m (7'4")
-With tiled floor
-Door through to hallway





Entrance Hallway - 3.63m (11'11") Max x 12.67m (41'7") Max
-With semi-solid wood floor 
-Guest WC & Family bathroom
-Door to reception room 1, 2 and 3
-Door to bedroom 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5
-Stairs to first floor landing
-Hatched access to the attic
-Built in wardrobe
-Door to electricity box



Reception 1 - 3.65m (12'0") x 3.62m (11'11")
-With semi-solid wood floor



Reception 2 - 4.63m (15'2") x 3.62m (11'11")
-With semi-solid wood floor
-Multi-fuel stove on a slate tiled hearth and wooden lintel
-Door to kitchen/living/dining room



Kitchen/ Dining Room/Living Room - 7.97m (26'2") x 10.17m (33'4")
-Travertine marble floor
-Scavolini Italian kitchen units
-Integrated Neff oven, five ring gas hob and extractor hood
-Integrated dishwasher
-Island unit with granite worktop
-Two integrated fridges and two integrated freezers
-Two sets of French doors leading out to rear garden
-Spotlights
-Open plan access to Reception 2
-Door to utility room


Utility Room - 5.43m (17'10") x 2.93m (9'7")
-With tiled floor
-A range of matching floor and eye level units
-Space and plumbing for washing machine and tumble dryer
-Space for freezer 
-Sink
-Door to the front and the back of the house
-Door to the garage
-Door to Guest WC 1

Guest W.C. 1 - 1.26m (4'2") x 2.16m (7'1")
-Tiled floors	
-WC and WHB	


Garage - 6.34m (20'10") x 5.53m (18'2")
-Block build
-Double garage doors
-Boiler and heat pump 


Reception 3 - 5.39m (17'8") x 3.61m (11'10")
-With semi-solid wood flooring
-Open plan access to kitchen/living room
-Feature open fireplace with stone hearth and wooden mantlepiece 
-Spotlights


Guest W.C. 2 - 0.77m (2'6") x 2.15m (7'1")
-Fully tiled	
-WC and WHB	


Family Bathroom - 2.46m (8'1") x 2.12m (6'11")
-Fully tiled
-WC and WHB mounted on integrated vanity unit with mirror above
-Panel bath with overhead electric shower


Bedroom 5 - 3.4m (11'2") x 2.56m (8'5")
-With semi-solid wood floors

Bedroom 4 - 3.63m (11'11") x 3.88m (12'9")
-With semi-solid wood floors
-Built-in wardrobe


Bedroom 3 - 5.3m (17'5") x 3.66m (12'0")
-With semi-solid wood floors
-Built-in wardrobe
-French doors out to the garden
-Door to en-suite


En-Suite - 1.87m (6'2") x 1.87m (6'2")
-Fully tiled
-WC and WHB mounted on integrated vanity unit and mirror above
-Shower cubicle with overhead mixer shower


Bedroom 2 - 5.31m (17'5") x 4.44m (14'7")
-With semi-solid wood floors
-Built-in wardrobe
-Door to en-suite


En-suite - 1.89m (6'2") x 1.88m (6'2")
-Fully tiled
-Shower cubicle with overhead mixer shower
-WC and WHB mounted on integrated vanity unit and mirror above



First Floor Landing
-Door to master bedroom
-Door to master bathroom
-Walk-in wardrobe



Master Bedroom - 5.3m (17'5") x 4.66m (15'3")
-With semi-solid wood floor
-Door to wrap around veranda


Master Bathroom - 5.31m (17'5") x 2.9m (9'6")
-Fully tiled
-WC and WHB 
-Bath 
-Shower cubicle with overhead mixer shower
-His and Hers sinks on integrated vanity unit with mirrors above
-Spotlights

Walk-in Wardrobe - 3.56m (11'8") x 1.41m (4'8")
-With semi-solid wood floors
-Shelving and storage along wall
-Hatched access to the attic
Features: Glenshee House, Brownstown, Balheary€975,0006 Bed6 Bath337 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.4964076,-6.2444338
------------------------------
Address: Gerard O'TooleO’Toole & CoTobercrossaun, Headford, Co. Galway, H91F1PX€875,0004 Bed2 Bath297 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-anchor-house-tobercrossaun-headford-co-galway/5838684
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:297 m²LOCATION

Conveniently located  1.7kms from Headford and 28kms from Galway City, the property is located within pleasant countryside and farmland. Accessed directly off the Greenfields Road, this is about 7kms east of Lough Corrib. Headford offers excellent shopping including Tesco together with Schools, Business and Leisure amenities. Galway city is within an easy commute being just 28m minutes to south. This is generally less than a 30 minute drive.
 
Headford-1.7kms, Cong-18kms, Galway City-28kms, Tuam-22kms, Castlebar-51kms, Knock Airport-63kms, Shannon Airport-117kms, Dublin- 226kms, Limerick-130kms, Cork-227kms.
 
 DESCRIPTION

This is quite possibly the finest residential property to have been offered to the market in north County Galway. Viewing is a must to fully appreciate the craftsmanship and attention to detail in creating this magnificent family home. This is the ideal location for those wanting to commute to Galway City with all essential services on hand in nearby Headford.

Comprises a most impressive detached home 4 bedroom home extending to 297 sq m (3196 sq ft) In addition there is a large detached office, studio and garage. Originally built in 2008, the property was never fully finished but has recently been completely finished and is presented in excellent condition throughout.

Built of rendered concrete block, triple glazed windows all under a natural slate roof. One enters through extensive stunning stone walls via secure gates complete with intercom and remote access. The site is immediately visible with its abundance of mature trees and shrubs.  The Residence is set in the centre of the site with a further garden to the rear and a series of lovely sheltered courtyards.

FEATURES

·         A3 Energy Rating
·         Triple glazed windows and extensively insulated throughout
·         High quality finishes throughout
·         Set behind stone walls a gated entrance with remote entrance
·         Newly tarmacked driveway
·         Extensively landscaped mature site 
·         Extensively external lighting
·         Several external terraces
·         Large detached garage
·         Screened fuel tank complete with secure bund
·         Large stone fire place with solid fuel stove
·         Mixture of tile, timber and carpet floors
·         Large impressive master bedroom with living room

TITLE

Registered Freehold title held within Folio GY69382F

 
SERVICES

The property has the following services:-

Sewerage        -           On site septic tank
Water               -           Well
Electricity         -           Mains
Telecoms         -           Broadband enabled
Heating            -           Oil Fired central heating
Alarm               -           Yes
Entrance          -           Secured remote gated access
 

BER  - A3  117476622

 
ACCOMMODATION  COMPRISES:     
                                                                    			
GROUND FLOOR
	
ENTRANCE PORCH:		1.2m x 3.0m
Plastered and painted walls, tiled floor
	
CLOSET:		1.5m x 2.0m
Tiled floor, shelved
	
KITCHEN:		4.5m x 3.025m
Tiled floor, recess spot lights to ceiling, fully fitted painted shaker kitchen, Formica worktop, brick-built breakfast bar, stainless steel sink, fully integrated appliances including four ring gas hob and electric oven with extractor hood, fridge freezer and dishwasher. 
	
UTILITY ROOM:		1.68m x 4.5m
Tiled floor, floor and eye level fitted units, tiled splash back, Formica worktop with stainless steel sink, door to rear garden. 
	
DINING ROOM:	7.025m x 4.3m
Tiled floor, ceiling cornicing, feature stone built fireplace complete with wood burning stove. 
	
LIVING ROOM:	
4.69m x 4.8m
Carpeted floor, ceiling cornicing, plastered and painted walls. 
	

HALLWAY:		6.2m x 1.46m
Plastered and painted walls, recess spot lights, tiled floor, ceiling cornicing. 
	
BEDROOM (1):		3.51m x 3.5m
Plastered and painted walls, carpeted floors, Ceiling cornicing, recess spot lights to ceiling 
	
BEDROOM (2):		4.59m x 3.6m
Plastered and painted walls, carpeted floors, Ceiling cornicing, recess spot lights to ceiling 
	
BATHROOM:		3.49m x 2.0m
Tiled floor, half tiled walls, fully tiled double power shower, ceiling cornicing, wc, whb, overhead mirror and shaving light, chrome heated towel rail. 
FIRST FLOOR
	
LIVING ROOM:		4.71m x 4.86m
Vaulted ceilings, two number large Velux windows, solid oak floors, plastered and painted walls. 
	
BEDROOM (3):		4.32m x 6.0m
Master -	Plastered and painted walls, carpeted floors, 3 large Velux windows
	
WALK IN WARDOBE:		6.65m x 1.89m
Tiled floor, vaulted ceiling, shelved
	
ENSUITE BATHROOM:		2.18m x 2.99m
Tiled floor, half tiled walls, vaulted ceiling with integrated Velux window, double power shower, wc, whb, wall mounted mirror, overhead shaving light, free standing centre bath. 
	
ATTIC ROOM/BEDROOM:		7.25m x 2.95m
Vaulted ceilings, 2 Velux windows, plastered and painted walls, carpeted floor. 
	
LANDING:		2.34m x 1.93m
Plastered and painted walls, carpeted floor

SELF CONTAINED ANNEXE
	
ENTRANCE / KITCHEN AREA:		3.1m x 3.75m
Plastered and painted walls, tiled floor. Small fitted kitchen with stainless steel sink with granite counters. 
	
WC:		1.02m x 2.5m
Tile floor, wc, whb
	
SHOWER / WET ROOM:		1.02m x 1.02m
Tiled walls, tiled floor, shower
	
LIVING ROOM:		5.12m x 4.84m
Plastered and painted walls, semi-solid timber walls. 
	
FIRST FLOOR ATTIC ROOM		8.22m x 4.84m
2 Velux windows, vaulted ceiling

ASKING PRICE  €875,000

VIEWINGS

Strictly by prior appointment  Contact Gerard O'Toole at O'Toole & Co (098) 28000.


OFFERS

Offers may be submitted to the selling agents.

Savills, 33 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2
. 
O'Toole &Co. The Mall, Westport, Co. Mayo. - 098 28000


DIRECTIONS

Follow Eircode H91 F1 PX. Located 1.7kms from Headford along the Greenfields Road
Features: Tobercrossaun, Headford, Co. Galway, H91F1PX€875,0004 Bed2 Bath297 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.46627,-9.130417
------------------------------
Address: Fran Grincell PropertiesFran Grincell PropertiesKildrinagh, Woodsgift, Tullaroan, Co. Kilkenny, E41W773€285,0003 Bed1 Bath102 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-kildrinagh-woodsgift-tullaroan-co-kilkenny/5820823
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:102 m²Grincell Properties is thrilled to present the of Kildrinagh, Woodsgift, Tullaroan, a splendid period property filled with charm and character, offering an exceptional level of development that's seldom encountered.
Perfectly nestled, Kildrinagh is advantageously situated just a short drive from both Freshford town and Tullaroan village. Starting at what was formerly known as Kenny's Pub in Clonmantagh, a straight drive leads directly to this enchanting property, merging convenience with tranquility.
The residence boasts a securely gated yard to the front and an enclosed rear garden, beautifully bordered by natural hedges, creating a private and serene outdoor setting. Included in the sale are several robust stone outbuildings. These structures not only enhance the property's rustic appeal but also present a fantastic opportunity for development into various uses, from guest accommodations to creative studios or workshops. 

The property features two distinct gated entrances; one leads directly to the main house while the other opens to the stone outbuildings, which are in excellent condition and brimming with potential. The architectural elegance of the house creates a lovely home. It holds a commanding presence with its detailed architectural designs and a generous level of space. An enclosed courtyard not only shields the property from the elements but also establishes a charming and secure environment that complements the house's grandeur.
This property is a rare find for those who appreciate the allure of a period home combined with modern possibilities for expansion and customization. It promises a lifestyle of comfort, privacy, and endless potential, making it a must-see for discerning buyers seeking a unique home with historical significance and contemporary appeal.
Grincell Properties invites you to discover the enchanting Kildrinagh, a period property that transports you back in time with its unmistakable charm and considerable potential. This hidden gem, although vacant for several years, has been well maintained, allowing you to immediately envision it as your new home. 
Upon entering, the house immediately evokes a sense of warmth and belonging. Its layout and condition are remarkably well-preserved, offering a perfect blend of historical charm and modern potential. The ground floor features distinctly separate spaces with a traditional parlour and a combined kitchen/living area, anchored by an original old Aga cooker. Additionally, a spacious utility and boot room adjoin the main kitchen area, providing practical and impressive spaces for everyday living. 
The original staircase is in perfect condition, featuring a split-level design complete with all its original newel posts and spindles, enhancing the home's authentic charm.
Upstairs, three substantial bedrooms and a family bathroom await, each bathed in natural light and offering expansive spaces that highlight the home's impeccable design and potential. 
Stepping outside, the enclosed patio area opens up to stunning views of the private gardens and the tranquil surrounding countryside, offering a perfect retreat for relaxation and solitude. 
The stone outbuildings included in the property sale present exciting opportunities for transformation, ideally suited for conversion into holiday homes or other residential units, enhancing both the use and charm of the property.
The property is likely eligible for a full upgrade grant scheme, adding value and facilitating enhancements both to the main residence and the outbuildings. The house has been freshly prepared for sale, showcasing its vast potential and condition, making it possible to live in while planning and executing any desired modifications. Viewing of this property is available strictly by appointment through Fran at Grincell Properties. Please contact us to schedule your visit and experience firsthand the unique charm and potential of Kildrinagh.
This property promises not just a home but a piece of history, ready to be cherished and brought into a new era with your personal touch.

ALL OUR CLIENTS ARE VETTED BEFORE VIEWING YOUR HOME. 
WE DO NOT FACILITATE OPEN VIEWINGS. 
These particulars are issued strictly on the understanding that they do not form part of any contract and are provided, without liability, as a general guide only to what is being offered subject to contract and availability. They are not to be constructed as containing any representation of fact upon which any interested party is entitled to rely. Any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection or otherwise as to the accuracy of these particulars. The vendor does not make, give or imply nor is Fran Grincell or its staff authorized to make, give or imply any representation or warranty whatsoever in respect of this property. No responsibility can be accepted for any expenses incurred by intending purchasers in inspecting properties that have been sold, let, or withdrawn. Fran Grincell Properties are advertising this property with the instruction the property certificates and title documents are correct.

 *THINKING OF SELLING EMAIL OR CALL FOR SALES ADVICE PACK*
Features: Kildrinagh, Woodsgift, Tullaroan, Co. Kilkenny, E41W773€285,0003 Bed1 Bath102 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.690648,-7.503158
------------------------------
Address: Patricia StokesPatricia Stokes Auctioneers & ValuersBofeenaun, 2 Brookfield, Rochestown Road, Cork City, Co. Cork, T12Y28P€875,0004 Bed3 Bath188 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-bofeenaun-2-brookfield-rochestown-road-cork-city-co-cork/5633527
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:188 m²Taking its name from a townland in Co. Mayo is Bofeenaun a fine four bedroomed detached family home set just off the Rochestown Road in a private cul de sac location. This home shares its location with 4 other homes all built around the same time in a bespoke nature on individual private sites. Built in 1981 this home has had been in the same ownership throughout its life. The house itself boasts over 2,000 sq. ft. for accommodation spread over two levels. Sitting on a mature site of 0.3 acres the property benefits from a covered useable patio to the rear which extends to 400 sq. ft. and connects all the living spaces to the rear. This home also has the added benefit of a detached garage which offers 450 sq. ft.   
Built with features probably ahead of its time this home gives large open plan reception rooms and plenty of them. The Living/dining room off the entrance hall is L is shape and gives a dual function of formal dining as well as relaxation space. The kitchen/dining room has extensive units fitted almost on all sides and still plenty of space for dining table and chairs. The family room is dual in aspect, is particularly bright with a fireplace at its centre. And if that was not enough at entry level an additional perfectly square room offers a myriad of uses as a home office or play room/teenage den. 
The overall accommodation in brief offers, welcoming reception hall, L shaped living/dining room, kitchen/dining room, guest WC, home office/play room, family room all at ground floor level. The first floor gives rise to four bedrooms with the main splendid in size and enjoying its own en-suite. A family bathroom completes the accommodation at this level. There is walk in attic store at the half landing taking care of all storage needs. 
An unusual and welcomed feature of this home is the extensive covered patio complete with fully tiled roof that runs the entire width of the property to the rear. This patio connects all of the accommodation located to the rear of the property and shows how simple an extension could be incorporated into the property. Finished with patio slabs at ground level and panelled ceiling complete with lights and Velux. Red brick walls give an enclosed feel to the space with planting on the half red brick walls to include ferns and purple heathers softening the space overall. A fully glazed wall on one side breaks the wind and makes for a very useable space throughout the year
The outside of this home is lovely. Set at the end of the cul de sac and offering fantastic privacy the home is accessed via double gates. An extensive tarred driveway gives plenty of parking to the front. The driveway wraps around the side of the property leading to the garage for ease of use. The front garden enjoys a selection of landscaped spaces boasting lawns, mature pink camellias, a bed of purple heathers and outside lighting plan. To the side of the driveway are maturely planted bed with high beech trees giving additional privacy here.
The rear garden is private and beautifully planted with maturing trees and plants giving a host of colours throughout the year. The back boundary runs along a trickling stream as it finds its way to connect with the Douglas Estuary and beyond. It is screened with a bank of high trees. The rear garden is laid to lawn in the main and wraps around the rear of the garage with another planted space. Tremendous in size is this detached garage measuring in at 450 sq. ft. with attic space. The garage is completely detached from the house and has double door opening. Side and rear windows as well as side pedestrian doors allows this space to be used permanently for a myriad of uses.

A privacy gate to the other side of the home gives access again to the rear gardens. There is a double block built garden shed here. Half is taken over for the boiler for heating while the rest offers plenty of space for gardening tools.


Accommodation : 

Reception Hall 6.14m x 2.86m (20.14ft x 9.38ft)
Accessed via a vibrant red front door set between extensive glazing either side this entrance hall is wide an welcoming. Finished with carpet and cornicing the entrance to this home sets the tone of the space to be expected from the rooms within. 


Living/Dining Area 6.98m x 5.85m (22.90ft x 19.19ft)
L in shape this room has direct access from the entrance hall via feature oak door completed with decorative glazing at upper section. The lounge is generous in proportions and exceptionally bright with its dual aspect feature overlooking the front and rear gardens. A feature marble fireplace is at its heart here giving a focus to this area of the room. A large picture window looks to the front while sliding patio doors on the opposite side lead out into the rear gardens. A more formal dining space is located within the L of the room and enjoys easy access to a service hatch directly to the kitchen. A gable window here looking out into the rear garden ensures it is a lovely space to entertain in. Finished with carpets cornicing and centre roses. 


Kitchen/Dining Room 6.67m x 2.87m (21.88ft x 9.42ft)
Located to the rear of the property is a fine kitchen/dining room. This room comes fitted with a host of floor and eye level units on all four sides. A built in electric hob with extractor together with built in double oven is separate to an additional gas cooker catering for all cooking needs while the balance of appliances give fridge, dishwasher and washing machine. A single drainer sink unit is located beneath a large picture windows looking out onto the mature rear gardens with its host of planting and colour differing from season to season. This kitchen is easy to work in given the amount of counter top space to choose from. It is tiled between the worktop surface and the units overhead. This room easily caters for its dual function with ample space for a dining table and chairs within.


Guest WC 2.74m x 1.13m (8.99ft x 3.71ft)
Located off the entrance hall is a two piece coloured guest bathroom. Fully tiled this room is enjoys pedestal sink set beneath vanity mirror together with wc. 


Office/Playroom 3.02m x 2.80m (9.91ft x 9.19ft)
A fine square room located off the entrance hall which lends itself to a myriad of uses. A fire opening is set at its centre which could with ease accommodate the installation of a stove to add to the cosiness of this space. Gable window bringing in brightness and looking out to the side gardens. Finished with carpet. 


Hallway 
Giving a walk in cloaks press and understairs storage.


Family Room 4.99m x 3.78m (16.37ft x 12.40ft)
Unusual to find such a fine additional reception room given the scale of the lounge. This family room is located to the front of the property and is tremendously bright. It has a wall of glazing with sliding patio doors on one side while a large picture windows gives views to the front garden. A feature stone fireplace sits at the centre with feature alcoves. Finished with carpet 


Stairs 
A winding staircase finished in carpet leads to the upper level. The staircase stops midway and give access to a walk in attic space. A gable windows at this half landing spread lots of natural light to both the ground and upper floors


Attic Space 4.82m x 3.11m (15.82ft x 10.20ft)
Ideal for storage and fully floored this attic offers further potential to convert into the main house as additional accommodation. 


Landing 6.30m x 1.21m (20.67ft x 3.97ft)
Finished in carpet and giving access to all four bedrooms this landing enjoys a large picture window looking out over the front of the property and makes this a lovely bright space. Double doors lead into a walk in and fully shelved hot press.


Main Bathroom 5.70m x 3.66m (18.70ft x 12.01ft)
The size of a main bedroom in a home of these proportions does not disappoint and given its dual aspect status is particularly bright. A perfect shape with fitted robes either side of the entrance door this room can easily take additional storage if necessary


En-suite 2.23m x 1.61m (7.32ft x 5.28ft)
Located off the main bedroom is an ensuite fitted with three piece coloured bathroom suite to include pedestal sink, bath tub and wc. Shower fitted over bath with shower screen fitted. Nicely finished and completely tiled. 


Bedroom 2 3.85m x 3.30m (12.63ft x 10.83ft)
A fine double bedroom perfectly square with built in double robe fitted. Finished with carpet and looking out over the rear garden.


Bedroom 3 3.94m x 2.82m (12.93ft x 9.25ft)
Located to the side of the property this is a fine bedroom, finished with carpet and enjoys double built in press. This room has its own pedestal sink fitted. A gable window looks out over the side gardens 


Bedroom 4 3.31m x 2.38m (10.86ft x 7.81ft)
Another fine double bedroom looking out over the rear garden and finished with carpet


Bathroom 3.26m x 2.86m (10.70ft x 9.38ft)
Recently upgraded and fitted with three piece shower suite giving an almost wet room effect. Fully tiled floor and walls the bathroom has wall hung sink unit beneath extensive vanity mirror. Electric shower fitted. Access to attic.


Patio 14.40m x 2.59m (47.24ft x 8.50ft)
An unusual and welcomed feature of this home is the extensive covered patio complete with fully tiled roof that runs the entire width of the property to the rear. This patio connects all of the accommodation located to the rear of the property and shows how simple an extension could be incorporated into the property. Finished with patio slabs at ground level and panelled ceiling complete with lights and Velux. Red brick walls give an enclosed feel to the space with planting on the half red brick walls to include ferns and purple heathers softening the space overall. A fully glazed wall on one side breaks the wind and makes for a very useable space throughout the year


Garage 8.86m x 4.82m (29.07ft x 15.81ft)
Tremendous in size is this detached garage measuring in at approx 450 sq. ft. The garage is separate to the house with double door opening. Side and rear windows as well as side pedestrian doors allows this space to be used permanently. 


Outside : The outside of this home is lovely. Set at the end of the cul de sac and offering fantastic privacy the home is accessed via double gates. An extensive tarred driveway gives plenty of parking to the front. The driveway wraps around the side of the property leading to the garage for ease of use. The front garden enjoys a selection of landscaped spaces boasting lawns, mature pink camellias, a bed of purple heathers and outside lighting plan. To the side of the driveway are maturely planted bed with high beech trees giving additional privacy here.
The rear garden is private and beautifully planted with maturing trees and plants giving a host of colours throughout the year. The back boundary runs along a trickling stream as it finds its way to connect with the Douglas Estuary and beyond. It is screened with a bank of high trees. The rear garden is laid to lawn in the main and wraps around the rear of the garage with another planted space. 
A privacy gate to the other side of the home gives access again to the rear gardens. There is a double block built garden shed here. Half is taken over for the boiler for heating while the rest offers plenty of space for gardening tools.
Features: VideoBofeenaun, 2 Brookfield, Rochestown Road, Cork City, Co. Cork, T12Y28P€875,0004 Bed3 Bath188 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.875932,-8.410353
------------------------------
Address: Stephen DayLisney Sotheby's International Realty (Blackrock)Weston 12 Alma Road Monkstown, Monkstown, Co. Dublin, A94FH99€1,950,0007 Bed5 Bath483 m²Semi-DADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-weston-12-alma-road-monkstown-monkstown-co-dublin/5835986
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:483 m²Weston, 12 Alma Road is a rare find, constructed in 1865 by renowned architect Thomas Newenham Deane, his best-known works in Dublin include the National Library, the National Museum on Kildare Street and the Old Library in Trinity College. This substantial semi-detached Victorian property is well positioned on this highly regarded road in the heart of Monkstown. The property is surrounded by an excellent selection of schools, churches, the seafront and Seapoint bathing area as well as public transport with the DART nearby. The accommodation consists of 7 bedrooms, 4 reception rooms and has an overall floor area of approximately 483 sq.m. (5,200 sq.ft.).

This wonderful home has been in the same family ownership for over 35 years and now offers a great opportunity for a new purchaser to create a home of true distinction. The property has retained many of the original period features and embellishments and the principal reception rooms are particularly fine examples of houses built in the era boasting wonderful proportions, high ceilings, magnificent gothic arched windows, detailed cornice work, centre roses and very fine fireplaces. Upstairs there are 6 generous bedrooms together with a truly impressive drawing room. A particular feature is the large converted attic room offering stunning panoramic views over the roof tops taking in Dun Laoghaire Harbour, Dublin Bay, Howth and the Pigeon House chimneys. To the front of the property there is off street parking within the landscaped garden together with lawn area, mature hedging and pedestrian path to the wonderful entrance porch. To the rear there is a private and secluded low maintenance garden with granite wall and garage.

Alma Road is a highly convenient location only a few minutes' walk from the bustling village of Monkstown with its wide selection of local and boutique shops, cafes, pubs and restaurants. There is more extensive shopping available in Blackrock, just a short stroll away. Primary and Secondary schools are in abundance, with Scoil Lorcain around the corner. There are also many recreational and leisure activities and sporting venues such as rugby, hockey and tennis with Monkstown and Blackrock (Green Road) Tennis Clubs only a short drive away. The four yacht clubs and extensive marina at Dun Laoghaire Harbour, along with its two piers will be of major interest to sailing enthusiasts. Easy access to the new coastal cycle route towards either Dun Laoghaire or Howth provides ample opportunity for scenic cycles. Being within metres of the seafront there are also lovely tranquil scenic walks in the immediate area, the DART at Seapoint is at the end of the road and Seapoint beach is within walking distance, ideal for a lunchtime dip in the Irish Sea.
 
Enclosed Porched Entrance with Victorian period tiled floor and opens into the
Reception Hall (10.10m x 2.25m )with ornate ceiling coving, ceiling rose, arch to inner hall with matching ceiling coving and door to
Front Reception Room (4.90m x 4.55m )with twin sliding sash windows overlooking front, very fine mahogany fireplace with cast iron pattern tiled inset, gas coal effect fire to the front and stone hearth, ceiling coving and ornate ceiling rose
Dining Room (7.70m x 4.85m )with ornate ceiling coving, ceiling rose, twin sliding sash windows looking rear, very fine marble fireplace with raised fireplace and gas fire to the front
Cloakroom with electrical fuse boards, cloak hanging area and opening to a
Guest Bathroom (4.70m x 2.00m )with part frosted glazing, roll top cast iron claw feet bath, w.c., wash hand basin and recessed lighting
Store Area first part housing the hot water cylinder, digital heating controls and immersion, and timber steps leading up to
Storage Area (3.50m x 1.70m )
Lower Level with steps down
Utility Room (2.60m x 2.35m )with tiled floor, Belfast sink with cupboard under, Bosch washing machine, Zanussi tumble dryer, further storage, door down to a cellar area and door out to the back garden
Family Room (5.30m x 4.70m )with solid oak floor, shelving to one side, ceiling coving, fireplace with mahogany surround, tiled inset, stone hearth and open fire
Bathroom comprising bath and shower attachment over, large fitted mirror set into the tiled wall, fully tiled walls and tiled floor, bidet, w.c., pedestal wash hand basin, fitted mirror and step in tiled Mira shower
Bedroom 1 (6.30m x 3.00m )with stairs leading up to the room, sliding sash twin windows looking into the garden and sliding sash window looking out over the driveway
Kitchen/Breakfast Room (6.30m x 3.00m )with tiled floor, double folding multi-paned French doors opening out to the garden, kitchen is fitted with press units, drawers, worktops, stone worktop, Siemens dishwasher, Fisher & Paykel stainless steel double oven, five ring gas hob with stainless steel splashback, Fisher & Paykel stainless steel chimney effect extractor, black press units and drawers, one and a half bowl sink unit, shelving, wine rack and picture window overlooking the garden
Outside (Garden approx. 11m x 9m)the rear garden is walled and laid out in paving stones and patio with outside purpose built table and chairs and bench, and door to a garage
Garage (3.60m x 3.45m )with double folding doors out to the driveway
Cellar Area accessed from the utility room and currently laid out as a wine storage area with large areas that open into one another under the entire main body of the house
Upstairs Half Landing with feature window overlooking the rear with twin sliding sash windows
Bedroom 2 (4.90m x 4.75m )with sliding sash window, high ceiling, ceiling coving, very fine marble fireplace with cast iron arched inset, gas coal effect fire, stone hearth either side of the chimney breast, cupboards and storage, and pedestal wash hand basin
First Floor Landing (3.75m x 2.25m )with ceiling coving
Bedroom 3 (4.95m x 4.55m )with marble fireplace with arched tiled inset, gas coal effect fire to the front and matching tiled hearth, wash hand basin, twin sliding sash windows looking rear, ceiling coving, picture rail and fitted cupboards either side of the chimney breast
Drawing Room (7.30m x 4.85m )with ornate ceiling coving, ceiling rose, picture rail, beautiful feature window looking out front with three sliding sash windows set in, and very fine white marble fireplace with cast iron arched inset and stone hearth
Bedroom 4 (4.65m x 2.25m )with cast iron fireplace, sliding sash window looking front, picture rail and ceiling coving
Shower Room with step in tiled power shower with monsoon head, auxiliary hose, oversized tray, w.c., pedestal wash hand basin, part tiled walls, tiled floor, shaving socket and light, and extractor fan
Bedroom 5 (3.90m x 2.75m )with sliding sash window facing front with shutters intact, picture rail and ceiling coving
Half Landing with stairwell leading up, twin sliding sash windows looking rear and ceiling coving
Guest W.C. with wash hand basin
Internal Lobby 
Bedroom 6 (4.75m x 3.00m )with cast iron arched fireplace, cupboards either side of the chimney breast and multi-paned sliding sash window giving a sea view
Bathroom with panelled bath with Mira shower over, large fitted mirror, wash hand basin, tiled floor, part tiled walls and recessed lighting
Studio/Loft with double folding cupboard doors opening off the half landing to a stairwell that leads up to a fantastic space offering breath-taking views out over Dublin Bay, the East Pier to Howth and door with steps leading up to a roof terrace that gives 360 degree panoramic views
Seating View Area (4.80m x 3.90m )with limed pine panelled walls and ceiling and feature glass
Secondary Area (4.90m x 3.60m )with vaulted ceiling and recessed lighting
Rear Section Bedroom Area (5.35m x 3.50m )with Velux skylight, limed pine panelled walls, vaulted ceiling, feature period solid fuel burning stove with exposed original brick back and under eaves storage
Features: VideoWeston 12 Alma Road Monkstown, Monkstown, Co. Dublin, A94FH99€1,950,0007 Bed5 Bath483 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.297156,-6.165702
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - DublinFair Deal Property Ltd - DublinMoorepark, Garristown, Co. Meath, A42FK71€595,0005 Bed3 Bath244 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-moorepark-garristown-co-meath/5836028
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:244 m²Fair Deal Property, Ashbourne's Fastest Growing Estate Agency

Are thrilled to present to you for sale "Lavender Cottage" a substantial five bedroom bungalow residence with attic conversion and outbuildings sitting on a superior site of a half acre in area and featuring stunning views of open country side from all aspects.

"Lavender Cottage" is an impressive scaled residence with an overall floor area of in excess of 243.5 square meters or 2,621 square feet of beautifully appointed living space along with a full length attic conversion.

Originally constructed in 1989 this most impressive home has been lovingly maintained and handsomely embellished and comes with an excellent BER rating of B3 which will result in major energy savings throughout those long winter months. 

On arrival you are greeted by a wonderful mature garden featuring broad leaf trees, manicured lawns and wrap around privacy hedging.

The entrance hallway is exceptionally spacious and finished with premium engineered  flooring which sets the tone for the quality of the accommodation that lies within. 

The living space runs the full depth of the house which allows for dual aspect windows which flood the interior with an abundance of natural light with ample floor space for several couches  and furniture.

The kitchen diner is located to the rear of the property and provides uninterrupted views of open country side that must be seen to be fully appreciated.

There are five spacious bedrooms featuring built-in wardrobes along with stunning views of the gardens. 

The master bedroom is particularly spacious and also comes with a contemporary styled ensuite along with a set of glazed doors that provide access to the rear of the property.

A beautifully presented family bathroom completes the ground floor accommodation.

The attic space has been fully converted and runs the full length and breadth of house.

This is a huge addition to the home and can be put to wide variety of uses and is currently laid out as fashion studio along with additional office space.

The rear of the property contains a number of outbuildings which provide for a large amount of storage or potential additional workshop space along with beautiful patio zone that is ideally positioned to make the most of the stunning views that surround this wonderful property.

The property is located only a 35 minute drive from Dublin City Center & 15 minutes from the M50 & 5 minutes from the M2 with close proximity to Ashbourne, Duleek & Drogheda

If you are looking for an elegant bungalow residence that is wonderfully located and has been lovingly maintained and comes complete with a whole host of upgrades then we suggest that you look no further than "Lavender Cottage" located at Pudden Hill as it is certain to meet your wish list requirements.

If this sounds like you then we will be delighted to hear from you and to help you in any way that we can.

Brought to you by Fair Deal Property
The Premium Estate Agency
Without the High Fees
Because You Deserve a Fair Deal.

Key Features
BER rating B3. Cert number 117673301.
* Main house is 153.4 Sqm (1651sqft) not including work studio. 
Total Floor area 243.5 (2621sqft) Square Meters
* Five Bedrooms all with fitted wardrobes.
* High speed "Fibre To The Home" installed to inside the property
* Automated entrance gates c/w intercom.
* Dimmable LED lighting installed throughout the main house.
* LED lighting installed in attic/workspace.
* Combination of double and triple glazed windows.
* Oil fired condensing boiler c/w 3 zones , (main house, attic studio/work space, hot water)
* House and out buildings have HKC alarm system installed.
* Security camera system installed c/w 4 cameras.
* Sensor operated outdoor lighting to front and rear and at main entrance.
* Outside taps in 3 locations
* Outdoor sockets in 2 locations
* Main shed plumbed for water complete with WC and WHB.
* All sheds have lights and the main shed has power sockets. 
* Open fireplace in living room, the fireplace in the kitchen is capped. 
* Addition storage space in the eaves on both side of the attic (fully floored and slabbed on   
   soffit/ceiling.)
* Velux windows throughout workspace.

* On school bus routes to Ashbourne and Drogheda. 
* Local Cushenstown school at end of road. (2.5Km)
* Selection of Primary and Secondary schools in Ashbourne Curragha Garristown Arcath & Drogheda.
* Local towns Ashbourne,Garristown, Ratoath.
* Selection of Shopping outlets Dunnes/Tesco/Lidl/Aldi/Supervalu/ Lifestyle Sports/New Look.
* Variety of Restaurants, Asbourne house Hotel and various Bars. Mc Donalds/Burger King/
* Asbourne Retail Park Vue Cinema/Choice Stores/ Jysk/ Mr Price
* Scotch Hall shopping centre in Drogheda.
* Emerald Park (Tayto Park) 6.8Km away
* The Ark at Puddenhill Indoor soft play area,outdoor playground & petting farm within walking    
   distance.
Dimensions of the rooms are as follows.
* Entrance Porch - 1820 x 800mm
* Living Room - 3595 x 8045mm
* Kitchen - 3610 x 5960mm
* Master Bedroom - 3345 x 3585mm
* Master Bedroom en-suite - 1445 x 1720mm
* Master Bedroom Walk in Wardrobe - 1680 x 1470mm
* Bedroom 2 - 3000 x 3210mm
* Bedroom 3 - 2975 x 3200mm
* Bedroom 4 - 3860 x 3025mm
* Bedroom 5 - 3845 x 2695mm
* Main Bathroom including hotpress - 3590 x 1800
* Bathroom 2 - 2755 x 1820mm
* Office - 3665 x 3195mm
* Entrance Hall - 3645 x 2180mm
* Interior Hall - 11785 x 980mm & 900x 800mm
* Studio Workspace - Main floor area 20605 x 3785mm 
* Large shed 8955 x 6225mm 
* Smaller sheds ( combined ) 6100 x 3900mm
Features: Moorepark, Garristown, Co. Meath, A42FK71€595,0005 Bed3 Bath244 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.589638,-6.427344
------------------------------
Address: David Cusack PSRA No: 003455-006008Brophy CusackKickham Street, Carrick-on-Suir, Co. Tipperary, E32T922€250,0004 Bed3 Bath176 m²End of TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/end-of-terrace-house-roche-nagle-medical-pratice-kickham-street-medical-centre-carrick-on-suir-co-tipperary/5804060
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:176 m²Prime Opportunity: Turn-Key Office/House/Surgery for Sale

Discover this exceptional turn-key office/surgery/house, a former GP practice that has undergone extensive renovations in recent years. The property is in excellent condition and ready for immediate use. The ground floor consists of an entrance hall, reception area, waiting room, one standard toilet and one disabled toilet, along with four additional adaptable rooms. The first floor features a well-proportioned kitchen, a bathroom, and three more rooms. This property offers immense potential and can be redeveloped for various uses, subject to the necessary planning permissions.

Located on Kickham Street in the heart of Carrick on Suir, the property is surrounded by essential amenities such as Spar, SuperValu, The Swan GAA Club, Town Park, The Green School, and The Presentation Convent.

For more information or to arrange a viewing, please contact Brophy Cusack at 051 511333.
Features: Virtual TourKickham Street, Carrick-on-Suir, Co. Tipperary, E32T922€250,0004 Bed3 Bath176 m²End of Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.348189,-7.41424
------------------------------
Address: Laura ConwaySherry FitzGerald Ballsbridge14 Haddington Place, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04K3V1€1,595,0004 Bed4 Bath290 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-14-haddington-place-ballsbridge-dublin-4/5706933
Description: Development DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:290 m²A very special opportunity arises to purchase this extremely spacious detached home in this much sought after and convenient location in the heart of Dublin 4. This stunning detached home is tucked away on Haddington Place in between Haddington Road and St. Mary's Road.
Constructed in 2000 to the highest standards, including concrete floors and walls throughout giving soundproofing and fire safety priority, the accommodation  has well-proportioned reception rooms and extends to approximately 290 sq.m. (3,100 sq. ft.). 

The extremely impressive entrance hallway gives an abundance of light, with elegant luxury tumbled marble floors and gentle curving ellipse walls cradling a custom pine, cast iron and solid brass stair rounding its way to the upper floors. All crowned by a feature glazed dome which provides outstanding natural light and space to the epicenter of this home.

This exceptionally spacious accommodation consists of an oval entrance hall, cloakroom with w.c., large living room, utility area, solid wood shaker style kitchen with breakfast area, dining room and office/study. On the first floor there are three spacious double bedrooms all en-suite (two of which share a rear facing balcony), a walk-in heated linen room and main family size bathroom. The second floor comprises a magnificent light filled main bedroom suite with walk-in wardrobe and large en-suite bathroom.

To the front of the property granite stone walls provide maximum privacy and security, within which a cobble-lock courtyard provides parking for up to three cars, secure electronic roller shutter gates, an awning for one car, separate pedestrian entrance and patio. To the rear is a private courtyard garden featuring a raised granite patio area ideal for al fresco dining and providing a serene view of the majestic St. Mary's church which is lit up at night, surrounding the patio area are raised planted flower beds and borders. There is also a granite stone outbuilding discreetly in the corner which houses the oil boiler and tank.

Enjoying a lovely quiet and exceptionally convenient setting, being within a pleasant stroll of the city’s principle amenities.  Just some of the amenities located close by include the Dylan Hotel, excellent choice of specialty shops, restaurants and Gastro pubs on Baggot Street, the excellent recreational amenities of Herbert Park, the Aviva Stadium, the RDS, St. Stephen’s Green and our main shopping district at Grafton Street.
The property is also very well serviced by nearby public transports.

Ground Floor

Oval Entrance Hallway extremely impressive entrance hallway gives an abundance of light, with elegant luxury tumbled marble floors and gentle curving ellipse walls cradling a custom pine, cast iron and solid brass stair rounding its way to the upper floors. A feature glazed dome which provides outstanding natural light

Cloakroom tiled floor, heating controld, alarm panel. Door to guest w.c.

Guest W.C tiled floor, part tiled walls, w.c. & w.h.b. window to front

Drawing Room spacious reception room with polished timber floor, feature marble fireplace with cast iron inset, glass block wall to hallway, door to rear garden, service hatch and door to utility

Utility Room tiled floor, side door to rear garden, sink unit, range of marple fitted presses, , lumbed for washing machine and dryer, door to

Kitchen bright open plan kitchen and breaskfast area, tiled floor, fitted maplekitchen units, polished granite countertop, double oven, plumbed for dishwasher, integrated fridge /freezer, double dorrs to front courtyard garden. Opening to

Dining Room polished timber floor, feature polished granite fireplace with cast iron inset, Red Deal ceiling, French doors to front, door to

Study bright home office, timber floors, pitched timber clad ceiling, doors to small courtyard / patio.

First Floor

Bedroom 1 bright double bedroom, timber floor, picture window, patio door to shared balcony overlooking rear courtyard and St. Mary's church. Door to

En-Suite fuly tiled floor and walls, shower unit, w.h.h. and w.c. winodw to rear

Bedroom 2 bright double bedroom, timber floor, picture window, patio door to shared balcony overlooking rear courtyard and St. Mary's church. Door to

En-Suite fully tiled floor ans walls, shower unti with Triton electric shower unit, w.c. w.h.b. heated towel rail

Walk in heated linen room walk in linen room with built in shelving, heating and immersion controls

Main Bathroom generous family size bathroom, tiled floor and part tiled walls, window to front, bath, w.h..b, w.c., bidet, heated towel rail

Bedroom 3 generous double bedroom, window to front, feature oval window to front courtyard, tiber floor. Door to

En-Suite fully tiled floor and walls, fitted mirrored panels, shower unit, w.h.b and w.c.

Second Floor

Main Bedroom Suite magnificent master bedroom suite coprising of exceptionally spacious mater bedroom, timber floor, with feature circular window. Door to

Dressing Room Spacious walkin dressing, timber floor, 2 large velux windows

En-Suite tiled floor and part tiled walls, jacuzzi bath, separate shower unit, heated towel rail, w.h.b. and w.c

Juliet Balcony patio door to cast iron balcony and handrail.

Garden Front of property    granite stone walls provide maximum privacy and security, within which a cobble-lock courtyard provides parking for up to three cars, secure electronic roller shutter gates, an awning for one car, separate pedestrian entrance and patio, courtyard area

Rear courtyard garden    private courtyard garden featuring a raised granite patio area ideal for al fresco dining and providing a serene view of the majestic St. Mary's church which is lit up at night, surrounding the patio area are raised planted flower beds and borders.   There is also a granite stone outbuilding discreetly in the corner which houses the oil boiler and tank.
Features: Video14 Haddington Place, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, D04K3V1€1,595,000New Development
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.334779,-6.240565
------------------------------
Address: Edel Keane Assoc. RICS BSc (Hons)Keane Auctioneers28 Slaney Woods, Park, Wexford Town, Co. Wexford, Y35T2N4€895,0004 Bed4 Bath262 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-28-slaney-woods-park-wexford-town-co-wexford/5827303
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:262 m²No. 28 Slaney Woods is an absolutely breathtaking and stunning family home presented to the market in show house condition both externally and internally. It is located in one of the most sought after & premium residential area’s of Wexford town. Ideally tucked away in an exclusive development and situated in a private cul de sac position. The property is approached via a coble locked spacious & impressive driveway and as you approach you know you are about to enter something special.  Accommodation oozes the “wow” factor from the moment you enter the front door. The property has been constructed in recent years to the highest level of workmanship and fitted out to a very high spec with many added extras. Extending to 265 sq m of very well laid out living accommodation, sitting room, lounge sun-room, 4 double bedrooms (2 en-suite) and the most luxurious kitchen / diner / living designed for entertaining and everyday life overlooking the landscaped private magnificent gardens and patio area. The interior is only fabulous offering a neutral colour scheme throughout and the large feature windows allow lots of natural light throughout. The property enjoys many added features such as coving, centre roses, quality workmanship & materials to list but a few. The added advantage of a block built garage lends itself as home office /gym etc. This is truly a home you will not want to leave!  Wexford town centre is very easily accessible and the property is easily connected to the M/N11 & N25.
The sale of this property offers a once off opportunity to acquire a beautifully designed and stylish home in a highly convenient and sought after location.

Accommodation Comprises

Entrance Hallway – (5.80m x 2.75m), Porcelain tiles, handmade solid oak stairs with understairs storage, coving, centre rose, very bright & spacious.
Sitting Room – (6.83m x 4.30m), Feature marble fireplace, solid oak flooring, bay window, coving.
Lounge – (6.83m x 4.15m), Laminate flooring, bay window, handmade bar/counter unit, coving, wall hung electric fire.
Kitchen/Dining/Living – (3.95m x 11.40m), Fully fitted hand crafted kitchen units by Sweeney Furniture with granite worktop & upturn, feature centre island, plumbed for
dishwasher, recessed lighting, ceramic tiled floors, part tiled walls, double doors to patio.
Sunroom – (5.38m x 3.61m), Ceramic tile floor, dual aspect, double doors to patio.
Utility – (2.40m x 2.40m), Ceramic tile floor, plumbed for appliances,
Guest WC – (1.45m x 2.40m), WC, WHB, tiled floor, heated towel rail.

Upstairs

Landing – (7.00m x 2.75m), Laminate flooring, stira access to attic, centre rose, coving, hot press.
Bedroom No. 1 – (No. 1 3.95m x 4.30m),  Laminate flooring, built in wardrobe.
Bathroom – (2.75m x 2.75m),  WC, WHB, jacuzzi/whirlpool bath, heated towel rail, fully tiled.
Bedroom No. 2 – (4.43m x 4.15m), Laminate flooring.
Bedroom No. 3 – (4.00m x 4.15m), Laminate flooring, door to;
Ensuite – (1.65m x 2.40m), WC, WHB, shower, tiled floors, part tiled walls.
Master Bedroom – (3.98m x 4.30m), Laminate flooring, door to;
Ensuite – (2.15m x 2.10m), WC, WHB, shower, tiled floors, part tiled walls, heated towel rail.
Walk-in wardrobe – (2.15m x 2.10m) Laminate flooring, fully fitted.

Outside: Stunning gardens to rear with mature trees incl. plum tree & shrubbery, green house, composite decking, patio, cobble locked driveway with spacious parking, detached garage, boiler house, charging point for electric car.
Services: Oil fired central heating, mains water, mains sewerage, solar panels, fully alarmed.
BER: B3 Ber No: 117506907 Performance indicator: 133.63 kWh/m2/yr
Apply: Keane Auctioneers (053) 9123072
Viewing: Strictly by appointment with the sole selling agent.
Eircode: Y35 T2N4
Features: 28 Slaney Woods, Park, Wexford Town, Co. Wexford, Y35T2N4€895,0004 Bed4 Bath262 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.350327,-6.49387
------------------------------
Address: Pat Conroy AuctioneersPat ConroyPat Conroy Auctioneers12 Wolfe Tone Street, Mountmellick, Co. Laois, R32XY36€230,0003 Bed1 Bath102 m²End of TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/end-of-terrace-house-12-wolfe-tone-street-mountmellick-co-laois/5759726
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:102 m²Pat Conroy Auctioneers are delighted to be chosen to present this beautiful, quaint semi-detached two-story property to the residential sales market. Located on historic Wolfe Tone Street, one of the older more mature neighbourhoods, a peaceful and excellent area to reside in. A sought-after area located off the  Mountmellick to Rosenallis Road.
Layout consists of a - Living Room, Three Bedrooms, Kitchen Dining and Family Bathroom.
Ample parking, great side access tot he rear, spacious rear garden and shed.
Located within a one-minute walk to the local shops, schools less than a five-minute drive. Dublin forty minutes, Portlaoise fifteen minutes.
Gym across the street.
All dimensions are in square feet.



Living Room - 18 x 16.
A lovely homely room.
Open solid fuel fireplace set in a cast iron surround and attractively carved mantle.
Front facing.
Deep set windows.
Dual aspect.
TV and phone points.
Built in unit.
Spot lighting.

Kitchen Dining. - 13 x 13.
A country cottage ambiance prevails.
Rear facing.
Fully Fitted kitchen.
Characteristic painted pine ceiling.

Family Bathroom - 9 x 5.
Rear facing.
Exceptionally tiled floor to ceiling.
A white suite.
Toilet, wash hand basin and Triton T90sr shower.
Bath with shower taps also.
Integrated unit fitted, wash hand basin.
Blinds included.

Rear Hall 4 x 4.
Storage unit.

Bedroom -13 x 8.
Front facing.
Carpet flooring.
Attic access.

Bedroom - 10 x 9.
Front facing.
Carpet flooring.
Blind.


Bedroom: 7 x 7.	
Rear facing.
Velux window.


FEATURES:
-	A wonderful neighbourhood to live in.
-	Spacious rear garden.
-	Ample parking.
-	Central location.
-	Fully double glazed.
-	Oil fired and solid fuel central heating.
-	Generous rear garden shed.
Great side access.
Features: 12 Wolfe Tone Street, Mountmellick, Co. Laois, R32XY36€230,0003 Bed1 Bath102 m²End of Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.118515,-7.33404
------------------------------
Address: Patrick LeonardLeonard Wilson Keenan Estates & Letting Agents88 Ballintyre Square, Ballinteer, Dublin 16, D16ET18€695,0003 Bed2 Bath150 m²ApartmentADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-88-ballintyre-square-ballinteer/5826721
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:150 m²LEONARD WILSON KEENAN ESTATE & LETTING AGENTS 
Our business is you....

Ballinteer beauty..

EXTRA SPACIOUS 3 BED / 2 BATH PENTHOUSE HOME 
SOUTH FACING BALCONY
ALL ROOMS HAVE UNINTERRUPTED VIEWS OF THE DUBLIN MOUNTAINS 
MOST SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT OF HOMES 
2 DESIGNATED PARKING SPACES 

EARLY VIEWING STRONGLY ADVISED....

A most captivating home in an idyllic setting. Multi Award Winning Team Patrick Leonard The Dublin 16 Property Specialists are truly delighted to present No. 88 Ballintyre Sq to our Premium Collection. 

Ballintyre is a most sought after development of homes tucked away in a most private setting yet with every conceivable amenity on your doorstep.

The well laid out extra spacious accommodation of No. 88 comprises of: Hallway, large living room, kitchen / dining room, utility room, 3 large bedrooms to include primary en suite & family bathroom. All rooms are south facing with a beautiful balcony off the living room.

There is also attic storage.

The many features of this stunning home include: Feature fireplace in living room, double doors from living room to hallway, double doors from living room leading to kitchen / dining room, modern fitted kitchen with an abundance of base and eye level storage to include all integrated appliances, quality sanitary ware and tiling in both bathrooms and fitted wardrobes in all 3 bedrooms. 

The property falls into an excellent catchment of both primary and secondary schools making it a real winner with families.

The area is further serviced by an excellent bus route making the city centre most accessible.

The M50 Motorway, Rathfarnham, Nutgrove & Dundrum are also close to hand making this a most strategically positioned address. 

Marlay park is literally within a 5 minute walk.

Early viewing is strongly advised. 

***All information provided is to the best of our knowledge. The utmost of care and attention has been placed on providing factual and correct information. In certain cases some information may have been provided by the vendor to us. We do not hold any responsibility for mistakes, errors or inaccuracies in our online advertising and give each and every viewer the right to get an opinion on any concern they may have***
Features: VideoVirtual Tour88 Ballintyre Square, Ballinteer, Dublin 16, D16ET18€695,0003 Bed2 Bath150 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.273522,-6.255989
------------------------------
Address: Patrick LeonardLeonard Wilson Keenan Estates & Letting AgentsKinvara, 712 Howth Road, Raheny, Dublin 5, D05A2A0Price on Application4 Bed3 Bath229 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-kinvara-712-howth-road-raheny-dublin-5/5826662
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:229 m²LEONARD WILSON KEENAN ESTATE & LETTING AGENTS 
Our business is you....

EXTENDED 4 BED / 3 BATH DETACHED HOME OF DISTINCTION 
SPECTACULAR 0.5 ACRE SITE WITH EXCELLENT DEVELOPMENT POTENTIAL 
MOST SOUGHT AFTER ENCLAVE OF HOMES 
5 MINUTE WALK FROM THE COAST 
LARGE BACK GARDEN WHICH TAKES FULL ADVANTAGE OF BOTH EASTERLY & WESTERLY SUNSHINE 

EARLY VIEWING STRONGLY ADVISED....

A most captivating home in an idyllic setting..

Multi Award Winning Team Patrick Leonard the Dublin 5 Property Specialists are truly delighted to present Kinvara to our Premium Collection. 

Nestled along the scenic route from Clontarf to Howth, Blackbanks harbours a rich tapestry of local history, woven through the ages from the late 19th to the mid-20th century. The area's name, derived from a striking high bank of black clay, paints a vivid picture of its landscape. Blackbanks once housed a quaint village of five mud-walled, thatched cottages, embodying the simplicity and charm of a bygone era. Four of these homes lined the old Turnpike Road of Fox Lane, with one standing alone, its back against the dark clay bank that gave Blackbanks its name.

Kinvara is sure to impress families, builders, property developers and parties trading up alike. 


The extra spacious extended floor plan consists of: Entrance lobby, hallway, formal living room, sitting room / bedroom 4, kitchen / dining / family room, utility room and downstairs shower room.

Upstairs consists of a landing, 3 large bedrooms to include primary en suite and family bathroom.

There is also a converted attic.

The house is accessed by electric gates. To the front there is a manicured garden and large driveway leading to a side entrance on either side of the dwelling. To the rear is a commanding lawned garden which benefits from both easterly and westerly sunshine. There is a large shed at the end of the garden.

Clontarf, Sutton, Baldoyle, Portmarnock & Malahide Villages are all within easy reach. Raheny Village is within walking distance.

There is an excellent selection of parks within the immediate area and the property falls into an excellent catchment of both primary and secondary schools making it a real winner with families.

The area is further serviced by an excellent bus route together with Dart service making the city most accessible. The coast is within a 5 minute walk.

The M50 / M1 Motorways and Dublin International Airport are also close to hand making this a most strategically positioned address. 

Vendors Voice:

This is what the owners have to say about their property - We've had the privilege of living the dream in this truly unique and cherished family home, Kinvara.  
Filled with nearly 40 years of wonderful memories and joy, it is now ready to welcome a new chapter. Every corner of this house holds precious memories from raising my children in a safe, nurturing environment, to enjoying peaceful moments in the expansive gardens, a haven for wildlife, surrounded by the gentle presence of established trees, which have been lovingly maintained and are perfect for family gatherings, relaxation and play.  
Nestled in a prime location just steps away from the serene sea front, and close to all the essential amenities, this home has been our oasis, offering both convenience and tranquillity. This home is more than just a place to live - it's a sanctuary where countless moments of happiness have been shared, dreams built, and lifelong memories have been made. Kinvara is ready to welcome a new family, a place to call home, creating your own adventures, stories and memories, etched into the already exultant foundations, writing your next chapter.


Early viewing is strongly advised. 

***All information provided is to the best of our knowledge. The utmost of care and attention has been placed on providing factual and correct information. In certain cases some information may have been provided by the vendor to us. We do not hold any responsibility for mistakes, errors or inaccuracies in our online advertising and give each and every viewer the right to get an opinion on any concern they may have***
Features: VideoVirtual TourKinvara, 712 Howth Road, Raheny, Dublin 5, D05A2A0Price on Application4 Bed3 Bath229 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.381147,-6.15775
------------------------------
Address: Janet Carroll MIPAV MMCEPI TRVJanet Carroll Estate AgentDun Gealain, 23 Woodbine Avenue, Booterstown, Co. Dublin, A94CR97€995,0005 Bed5 Bath197 m²Semi-DADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-dun-gealain-23-woodbine-avenue-booterstown-booterstown-co-dublin/5833219
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:197 m²Janet Carroll Estate Agents are delighted to present number 23 Woodbine Avenue for sale by Private Treaty. A fine 5/ 6 bed semi-detached residence approx. 197ms / 2120sq,ft, requiring some modernisation but offering the discerning purchaser a fantastic opportunity to create a truly superb family home in a highly desirable location.

Just 6 kilometres from Dublin City, next to Blackrock, Booterstown is easily accessible and well connected with an express coach service to Dublin Airport. Within walking distance of UCD, renowned schools, Blackrock Village, Blackrock Clinic, and various public transport options including bus routes, DART, and cycle tracks, this property is a rare gem awaiting exploration. Don't miss out on the chance to make No. 23 your forever home.
The rear garden is a very impressive c.17ms long. It is fully enclosed making it an ideal space for alfresco dining, a children’s playground, or open space for your pet dog run freely. It is laid out in lawn with a patio area. 

Viewing highly recommended 

LOCAL AMENITIES
-	Booterstown DART station only 10minutes' walk away.
-	Short walk from QBC
-	Close to the sea front and superb coastal walks
-	Booterstown/Blackrock Park and children's playground close by
-	A short walk to Tennis Clubs and Blackrock Bowling
-	Aircoach stop to Dublin Airport close by
-	Choice of two shopping centres, both renovated
-	A selection of boutiques, shops & eateries in Blackrock Village
-	Recently refurbished Carnegie library
-	Newly refurbished Blackrock College of Further Education (BFEI)
-	On the DART to Trinity College, short walk /cycle to UCD or local bus to DCU

LOCAL SCHOOLS
-	All Saints National School
-	Willow Park Junior School
-	Blackrock College
-	Oatlands College
-	St Marys Primary School
-	Our Lady of Mercy Girls Primary School
-	Children’s House Elementary School
-	Dominican College Sion Hill
-	St. Andrew's International School
-	St Michaels College
-	Coláiste Íosagáin and Coláiste Eoin
-	Choice of crèches and Montessori schools

ACCOMMODATION

Enclosed Entrance Porch: 2.33 x 2.07m. 

Tiled Floor.

Entrance Hall: c. 7.41m x 2.30m

Understairs storage. Downstairs Cloaks with W.C., and wash hand basin. is a large storage cupboard and understairs storage.

Living /Dining Room: c. 9.31m x 3.50m

Dining Area: 

Attractive timber fireplace with Granite hearth. Electric fire

Living Area: 

Tiled fireplace and hearth.

Rear Hall:

Spotlights.

Door to:

Small lobby with a door to Guest WC., wash hand basin. Tiled floor.

Bedroom 1: c.5.72m x 2.86m.

Built in wardrobes with overhead presses.

From the rear hall there is a door to:

Breakfast Room: c. 4.19m x 2.71m.

Shelved Hot press with dual immersion. Double doors to:

Kitchen: c. 4.88m x 2.88m.

Fully fitted kitchen with range of fitted presses and cupboards, single drainer stainless steel sink unit, formica worktops, tiled splashbacks, DeDietrich cooker, Siemens Fridge freezer, Miele dishwasher, Maytag washing machine. Wood laminated flooring. Door to side passageway. Opening to:

Conservatory: c. 3.39m x 2.90m

Double patio doors to rear garden.

From the Breakfast room there is a door to:

Small Lobby with storage cupboard and door to:

Shower En-suite with Triton T80xr electric shower. Fully tiled. W.C., Tiled walls. Tiled floor.

Bedroom 2: 5.64m x 2.87m.

Built in Wardrobes and overhead presses. Wash hand basin including medicine cabinet.

Upstairs:

Split Landing

Bedroom 3: c. 2.42m x 2.30m 

Wash hand basin including Vanity unit and medicine cabinet.

Bedroom 4: c.3.82m x 3.50m  

Overhead presses. Door to:

Shower En-suite. Triton T90i electric shower, fully tiled

Bedroom 5: c. 4.10m x 3.50m 

Built in wardrobe wash hand basin. Door to:

En Suite: 

Mira Elite shower. Fully tiled. W.C., tiled walls and floor. Fitted mirror.

Bedroom 6: c. 2.80m x 2.75m

Shower en-suite: 

Mira Elite E shower, fully tiled. W.C., wash hand basin in matching suite. Fully tiled walls and floor.

Bedroom 7: c 3.82m 2.60m. 

Built in wardrobes. Door to:

Shower en-suite; Stand in shower with Mira Elite electric shoer. Fully tiled. W.C., wash hand basin in matching suite. Fully tiled walls and floor.

OUTSIDE 

Walled private sunny rear garden mainly in lawn with hedge borders. Patio area. Timber garden shed. Side passageway, covered with boiler house with Ideal gas boiler. Plumbed for washing machine.
Walled front garden with part grass area, hedge borders, large cobble lock driveway with parking for 3 or 4 cars.

DIRECTIONS

Google search Eircode A94 CR97from your current location.

BER DETAILS

BER: E1
BER No: 117694943
Energy Performance Indicator: 302.46 kWh/m2/yr

VIEWING 

Strictly by private appointment. Contact  Andrew Quirke 086 383 4703 andrew@ janetcarroll.ie
Features: Dun Gealain, 23 Woodbine Avenue, Booterstown, Co. Dublin, A94CR97€995,0005 Bed5 Bath197 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.309654,-6.211572
------------------------------
Address: Jacqui Tallon Assoc. SCSIBeirne & Wise Estate AgentsQuilla, Kilmolin, Enniskerry, Enniskerry, Co. Wicklow, A98X963€895,0003 Bed3 Bath185 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-quilla-kilmolin-enniskerry-co-wicklow/5722230
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:185 m²Quilla is a charming detached residence set on large private gardens extending to approximately 0.4 acre. It is located in Kilmolin on the outskirts of Enniskerry Village, this is a beautiful picturesque location amidst stunning local countryside with a backdrop of the Sugar Loaf Mountains. Quilla is set well back from the road, and is perfectly positioned to take advantage of the viewing points of the gardens and the local countryside. This fine home features large bay windows in the two reception rooms looking out over the gardens and landscape. The house features well-proportioned accommodation extending to 185sq.m.; it comprises of an entrance hall, two large reception rooms, kitchen/dining/family room, garden room with access to a secluded terraced garden, bathroom and two double bedrooms (1 ensuite) downstairs. Access to the upstairs is via a lobby, the main bedroom (ensuite) is located on the top floor, and it features a balcony to the front aspect with panoramic views. There is ample storage throughout the property, and potential to extend should one desire (STPP). Quilla is a superb home enjoying an idyllic rural setting, yet within easy access of a range of amenities ideal for family living. 

There is a host of shops, cafes and restaurants in Enniskerry Village, and it is an easy commute to Bray and Dundrum for further requirements. For the outdoor and leisure enthusiasts there is the Wicklow Way, Crone Woods, Djouce Woods, and Knocksink natural reserve. There are ample walkways in Powerscourt Estate & Gardens, Powerscourt Waterfall, Kilmacanogue and along the Dargle River. This is a superb location for walkers, hikers and cyclists. In addition there are golf clubs and horse riding stables in the area. There are excellent schools in the area including: St. Patrick's N.S. in Curtlestown, St. Patrick's N.S. Glencullen, St. Mary's & St. Gerard's N.S. in Enniskerry, Powerscourt N.S., St. Gerard's Primary and Secondary School, Loreto Convent and Presentation College in Bray. 

The No. 185 bus route (bus stop at gate) connects to Enniskerry Village, and onto Bray DART Station. The No. 44 route runs from Enniskerry to the City Centre and DCU. Other transport routes include the N11 (QBC), M50, and the LUAS (Cherrywood) allowing easy access to Dublin City centre and surrounding areas. Viewing is essential to appreciate what is on offer with Quilla.

ACCOMODATION

ENTRANCE HALL
This is an inviting and spacious entrance hall with hardwood floor

RECEPTION ROOM
6.12m x 4.05m
This is a large room with floor to ceiling bay window to the front aspect, laminate wooden floor, a fitted oak book case, and a distinctive 'Bodart & Gonay InFire' multi fuel stove.

KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM
5.26m x 4.81 (max)
A fine sized room with two floor to ceiling windows and tiled floor. It is fitted with an extensive range of wall and floor cabinets with granite counter tops, a kitchen island with an integrated hob with extractor hood overhead, wine racks and stainless steel drawers below, two ovens, washing machine, a new Samsung fridge freezer and a Neff dishwasher. There is ample room for dining, and this room opens to a living area overlooking the rear gardens. A door leads to the rear garden. 

RECEPTION ROOM TWO
4.90m x 3.92m
A second generous reception room with hardwood floor, and full height bay window to the front aspect, energy efficient LED lighting, double doors to the garden room

GARDEN ROOM
5.23m x 4.47m
A large reception room with pitched roof, skylight window, exposed brick walls, tiled floor and a wood burner stove. It has an expansive picture window to the rear gardens, and double doors opening out to a private side garden with raised limestone terrace, and beautiful statutary figures. 

BATHROOM
Upgraded in 2019, this stylish bathroom is fully tiled in white and boasts white sanitary ware comprising of a bath, a w.h.b. set in a vanity cabinet with mirror overhead (energy efficient and demisting), and a w.c., complimented by the ceramic tiled floor. There is a large linen cupboard.

BEDROOM THREE
3.72m x 2.64m
A double bedroom to the front aspect, with polished solid wood floor

BEDROOOM TWO
4.41m x 3.27m
A spacious double bedroom with a floor to ceiling picture window overlooking the rear gardens. It has polished wooden floors, and an ensuite

ENSUITE
Recently refurbished n 2019, this features white tiled walls, w.c., w.h.b. set in a vanity cabinet with a mirror (energy efficient and demisting) overhead, and a walk in tiled shower cubicle with a forest rain shower and glass screen doors.

LOBBY
3.35m x 1.98m
This houses the staircase leading to the top floor. It has a window and wooden flooring, and is ideal for additional storage space.

UPSTAIRS

MAIN BEDROOM
5.77m x 5.81m (max)
This is a fine big and bright bedroom with dual aspect to the front and rear, it features solid wooden flooring, a walk in dressing room with fitted shelves and hanging space, and an ensuite. There are full height windows and doors opening out to the balcony. There is access to ample storage in the eaves.

ENSUITE
Stunning and stylish ensuite (2019), tiled in tasteful white, with complimentary ceramic tiled flooring with underfloor heating, w.c., w.h.b. set in a vanity cabinet with a mirror overhead (energy efficient and demisting), chrome heated towel rail, and a large walk in tiled shower cubicle with chrome fittings and glass screen doors. The skylight window allows light to flood through. Access to storage in the eaves.

SERVICES
OFCH, Alarm, Electronic Gates, Dual wiring to accommodate a generator 

GARDENS
The gardens are a special feature of this property, extending to 0.4 acre, the site is bounded by granite walls to the front, and electronic gates open to the driveway leading to the property. There is a large lawn to the front with feature 'Snowball bush'. There is dual side access to the rear; a side gated entrance leads to the side and rear gardens. The side garden features a raised limestone terrace with a built in barbeque, a log store and two ponds; one with newts, the second with frogs, lily pads and water irises. A super oasis to enjoy peace and relaxation. The rear garden enjoys a westerly orientation, it has a fence perimeter with hedges, extensive lawn, and two steel roofed garden sheds. There is a large birch tree, rose, hydrangea and forsythia flowering plants to mention but a few.
Features: VideoQuilla, Kilmolin, Enniskerry, Enniskerry, Co. Wicklow, A98X963€895,0003 Bed3 Bath185 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.195251,-6.192234
------------------------------
Address: Trina Beakey MSCSI MRICSBeirne & Wise Estate AgentsApartment 99, Forbes Quay Apartments, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2, D02X654€475,0002 Bed2 Bath65 m²ApartmentADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-apartment-99-forbes-quay-apartments-grand-canal-dock-dublin-2/5830278
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:65 m²Number 99 Forbes Quay Apartments is a beautifully maintained, owner occupied 2 bed apartment (65sq.m/700sq.ft) located on the ground floor of this much sought after development.  This pristine apartment enjoys a dual aspect with both street and courtyard views and features an airy open plan reception room with two double bedrooms (main with ensuite) together with a contemporary kitchen and stylish bathrooms. There is also a convenient storage room located in the hall.

This is a vibrant location on the doorstep of the City Centre with an abundance of waterside cafés, restaurants, Fresh food market and Il Valentino bakery on offer, in addition to banking facilities, dentists, a medical centre and the five star Marker Hotel's award-winning spa and pool. The area is well served by local bus routes and Grand Canal Dock DART station on Barrow Street is just a five-minute walk away.  The waterfront itself is popular with water sport enthusiasts (kayaking, stand up paddle boarding and water skiing from the Surf Dock) as well as canal boats, the Viking Splash Tours and dragon boat racing.

Many of the world's leading tech companies are located in the surrounding area along with most of Dublin's top law and financial firms, making the property ideal for working nearby. Some of Dublin's finest entertainment attractions are also within walking distance including the Bord Gais Energy Theatre, the Aviva stadium, the Convention Centre Dublin and the 3 Arena. Dublin's premier shops on Grafton Street, St Stephen's Green and Trinity College Dublin are all within strolling distance, as is Sandymount Strand. Dublin Airport is just 25 mins away via the Port Tunell.

ACCOMMODATION

HALL 
Welcoming entrance hall with wooden floors. Large storage room. 

LIVING/DINING ROOM
4.85m x 4.55m
Bright light-filled room with floor to ceiling windows and views across the landscaped Plaza towards the River Liffey. Wooden flooring.

TERRACE
4.65m x 1.30m
The living room terrace enjoys a very pleasant aspect across a pedestrian plaza and has direct access on to Sir John Rodgerson’s Quay and the river Liffey. There is a view of the iconic Convention Centre together with an interesting cityscape of nearby modern buildings. 

KITCHEN 
2.85m x 1.70m
Fitted with contemporary white high-gloss wall and floor cupboards with tiled splashback and tiled floor.  Appliances include an oven and hob with overhead extractor fan, washing machine/dryer, dishwasher and fridge/freezer.

BEDROOM 1 
2.58m x 4.32m
Double bedroom with built in wardrobe and door to the courtyard balcony. 

ENSUITE BATHROOM
1.89m x 2.29m
Complete with W.C., wash hand basin and bath with glass shower screen and shower fittings. Wall mounted heated towel rail. Mirrored vanity cabinet. Tiled floor and part-tiled walls.

BEDROOM 2
2.32m x 3.23m
Double bedroom with a built in warbrobe and access to the courtyard balcony. Wooden flooring.

SHOWER ROOM 
1.65m x 2.29m 
With a large step in shower cubicle with glass doors and contemporary fittings, wash hand basin and W.C. Mirrored vanity cabinet. Tiled floor and part-tiled walls. 

OUTSIDE 
The bedroom balcony enjoys a quiet aspect overlooking the internal courtyard garden. The 
courtyard is landscaped and has the benefit of resident’s access to the riverfront.  The attractive Chimney Park is a wonderful amenity located just across the road and offers a playground and seating.

SERVICE CHARGE
Current Service Charge €3037.49
Features: VideoApartment 99, Forbes Quay Apartments, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2, D02X654€475,0002 Bed2 Bath65 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.345489,-6.239353
------------------------------
Address: Joe Beirne MSCSI MRICSBeirne & Wise Estate AgentsBeaumont Lodge, Beaumont Avenue, Churchtown, Dublin 14, D14DY86€1,400,0003 Bed2 Bath168 m²DetachedEnergy EfficientADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-beaumont-lodge-beaumont-avenue-churchtown-dublin-14/5828401
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:168 m²Beaumont Lodge is a unique and truly exceptional, detached, ultra-contemporary residence (168 sq.m. approx.) occupying a secluded site in this convenient location.

This high-end project was completed in 2021, designed by DUA Architects under the guidance of Darragh Breathnach, the award winning founder and principle - all under the watchful eye and exacting standards required by the current owners.  The architecture in this home is timeless, complementing  the peaceful garden setting and possesses flexibility of internal arrangement, clean lines, light filled airiness and all the creature comforts of a modern and practical family home which has been featured in an RIAI exhibition.
  
Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this very special residence, which has been remodeled, extended and transformed to a remarkable standard with no expense spared. The original cottage was retained and now houses three double bedrooms - one with en-suite. A new contemporary extension to the rear of the site is now home to a spectacular open plan kitchen, dining and living areas. This is connected to the original cottage via a centrally located link corridor which incorporates an inner courtyard, bathroom, utility room and plant room. This link corridor forms an external south facing courtyard between the new and the old. 

Beaumont Lodge enjoys immense privacy  with electric gates  giving access to ample off street parking  to the front with a wide side entrance leading to the south facing courtyard style garden and past to the rear garden with access to the detached, flexible home office/ playroom.  

The cottage appears simple and understated to the passerby - finished in a white render with steel reveals framing each of the window openings, concealed gutters and downpipes reinforce this simplicity.   Internally a simple pallet of materials; stone, brick, timber, brass and bespoke minimal detailing achieve a serene atmosphere, and produce a perfect place to relax.  Strategically placed sky lights ensure that every part of this single storey home is bright and airy. The custom-made furniture and joinery maintain the flow throughout the house, so as not to distract from the sense of calm and uncluttered feeling that the cottage strives to achieve.

In the main cottage the external walls have been stripped back internally to expose the original   granite walls - a most attractive feature. To emphasize the simplicity of the cottage form, new vaulted ceilings were installed and the plentiful storage areas and services were located within a central spine of white joinery.  Clever use of triangular mirrors above the custom built wardrobes were utilized to reflect the vaulted ceiling.  

This family home is in turn key condition and the accommodation and extends to 168 m² approx. (excluding the stand alone office / playroom of 15 sq.m. approx.)  With an enviable building energy rating of A3 it will appeal to a diverse range of buyers;   the perfect walk-in home for a young family or indeed those downsizing and looking for a future proofed home. 

The location needs little introduction, with an enviable range of facilities at hand; excellent local shops in Churchtown, within minutes of Dundrum Town Centre, Rathgar and Terenure. The M50 is easily accessible while the LUAS makes light work of the short commute to the city centre and beyond. There is a regular bus service and a selection of both junior and senior schools in the vicinity.   The Castle and Milltown golf clubs are nearby as well as a selection of parks to include Bushy, Dartry and Marlay Park.

In this case, SEEING is BELIEVING - we highly recommend viewing to appreciate all this outstanding home has to offer.


ACCOMMODATION

HALL
Beautiful in its simplicity, with a vaulted ceiling with skylight, concealed lighting and timber flooring, access to; 

BEDROOM ONE 
3.86m x 3.81m
This is the principal bedroom with vaulted ceiling, concealed lighting, timber flooring, exposed stone and brick walls.  Extensive wall to wall custom built wardrobes with overhead triangular mirror, built-in double bed and side cabinets.  A French door leads to inner courtyard. Access to; 

EN-SUITE / DRESSING ROOM
3.86m x 3.81m
Luxuriously appointed, with vaulted ceiling, concealed lighting, timber flooring, exposed brick and stone on external wall with window and granite sill.  There is wall to wall custom built mirrored storage / wardrobe units.  The shower and wc cubicle have granite flooring and walls which matches the granite feature wall with twin wash hand basins complete with brass monochrome taps with overhead shelf and mirrored cabinets. There is a skylight above the walk - in shower and the wall hung wc has a concealed cistern, again with Aquadoma brass flush plate. 

BEDROOM TWO 
3.85m x 3.85m
Similar to Bedroom One - a double room with vaulted ceiling, concealed lighting, timber flooring, exposed stone and brick walls.  Extensive wall to wall custom built wardrobes with overhead triangular mirror, built-in double bed and side cabinets.  A glazed door leads to side garden.

BEDROOM THREE
3.85m x 3.85m
Another double room similar to Bedroom Two with twin beds. 

LINK CORRIDOR 
With timber flooring and recessed lighting. There is a picture window and glazed door leading to the sheltered south facing courtyard. A cosy alcove is the perfect seating area to enjoy the sunny courtyard aspect and a range of storage units including a cloaks closet run the length of the corridor, interrupted only by access to the main Bathroom and Utility Room.

BATHROOM 
Similar materials to the Ensuite with granite flooring and walls throughout, overhead skylight with luxurious suite comprising; bath, wall hung whb with brass monochrome tap, and concealed cistern wc with Aquadoma Flush plate. There is an open shelf and mirrored cabinet above the whb similar to the Ensuite.

UTILTY ROOM  
With granite flooring, storage units, overhead skylight and  plumbed for washing machine and dryer. Access to the Plant Room with heating, ventilation and hot water system equipment.

KITCHEN/DINING
8.49m x 4.09m 
A fantastic ultra-modern kitchen/dining area complete with timber flooring, concealed lighting with a linear skylight running the length of the space and picture window and door with views of the rear garden. The kitchen is fitted with the same bespoke minimal detailing white cabinetry evident throughout the house. There are granite counter tops and splash back with recessed brushed brass finish sink with Quooker tap and 5 ring Pitt gas hob, Siemens "Studio Line Appliances" - two ovens, a combi oven, sous vide drawer, dishwasher and Leibherr fridge and freezer are located within the spectacular granite island unit / dining table - complete with brass linear dropped lighting, which can easily seat fifteen people comfortably!  Concealed sliding partitions style doors can be closed to separate the kitchen / dining from the living area. There is a wall mounted TV on the dividing wall between the two spaces.

LIVING AREA
8.49m x 3.76m
The design of this area emphasizes the spaciousness with extra volume in the ceiling height.  The timber flooring and concealed lighting continues through from kitchen. The custom built storage units are repeated again in this space, incorporating a granite backdrop for the wall mounted TV. There is access to both gardens. The light and shadow created by the many glazed elements in this space vary with time and the sun's direction, creating dynamic movements within the interior. 

HOME OFFICE / PLAYROOM 
Independent to the main house 15 sq. m. approx. of flexible space, built and insulated to the same standard as the main house and can be accessed from the kitchen or from the side entrance. 
 
OUTSIDE
The entrance is stepped back from the road and is accessed via electronic gates. The high walls and well stocked planter boxes shield the view of the passers-by. There are parking spaces for two cars and the area is easily maintained with a combination of gravel and granite slabs inserts. An extra wide gated side entrance runs the length of the boundary of the property with continuous parallel raised well stocked planter beds with granite capping and leads to the sheltered south facing courtyard style terrace "a room outside". The path continues to the rear garden which has artificial lawn area bordered by granite slabs and provides access to the Home Office / Playroom. There is outdoor path lighting throughout the garden. This garden has maximum impact with minimum maintenance.
Features: VideoBeaumont Lodge, Beaumont Avenue, Churchtown, Dublin 14, D14DY86€1,400,0003 Bed2 Bath168 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.29249,-6.257393
------------------------------
Address: Barry ConnollyLisney Sotheby's International Realty (Howth Road)Beacon Lodge Skidoo Ballyboughal, Ballyboughal, Co. Dublin, A41HH67€1,275,0005 Bed4 Bath410 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-beacon-lodge-skidoo-ballyboughal-ballyboughal-co-dublin/5826672
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:410 m²Beacon Lodge is a spacious, modern detached residence of true distinction. Originally constructed in 2008 the property is presented for sale in pristine order throughout with approximately 410sqm / 4,500 sq ft of tastefully appointed accommodation and beautifully designed interiors. This fine family home is set behind private gates and enjoys 0.5 acres of land complete with a detached double garage of 900sqft with wc. For the discerning buyer seeking a rural lifestyle in convenient location just 10km from Dublin Airport and 7km from Swords Village close to Ballyboughal village and the Hotel and Golf resort at Roganstown. Access to the M1, M50 and the Port Tunnel are all just a short drive away.

Overlooking the original Skidoo farmlands ‘Beacon Lodge’ leaves a lasting impression which begins the moment you approach through tall Limestone capped pillars with remote gates. Beyond the sweeping driveway, which wraps around the house to the double garage to the rear, there is ample parking for 4/5 cars. The main house is a classic design but of modern construction with an obvious attention to detail everywhere you cast your eye. The accommodation is genuinely unique and surprisingly bright and spacious which is immediately obvious when you walk through the ‘cathedral’ doors to the entrance hall. The owners have designed the property with an emphasis on the curved line, evident throughout from the winding staircase which is a stunning feature of this wonderful home to the island and custom made table in the kitchen / living dining room. There are several reception rooms downstairs which will facilitate the lifestyle of the most active families. This 4,500sqft of accommodation provides great versatility and any of these rooms could easily double to be used as a home office or gymnasium. The kitchen / living / dining room has natural light from three sides and over looks farmlands as far as the eye can see. Each space is clearly defined with clever design yet one could imagine how this space might be enjoyed for a family get together or to entertain friends on a summer’s evening. There is a separate utility and access from there to the rear garden with French doors leading to the gardens to the west, an ideal spot to barbeque or dine al fresco as the sunsets.

Upstairs there are 4 large double bedrooms, 3 of which are ensuite alongside a separate office and the main bathroom. The master suite is really special with matching dormer windows and a dual aspect to the south and west with a vista across rural north county Dublin to the horizon. The main bedroom has a walk-in wardrobe over 10 sqm and a large ensuite which wouldn’t be out of place in a 5 star hotel.

The location offers a fine balance between the rural environment locally and the urban lifestyle available in the neighbouring towns of Malahide and Swords while Dublin City Centre is just 23km away. The gates of your potential future home are just 10km from Dublin Airport and as such will appeal to those abroad looking to re-patriate or those who plan to call Ireland home in the near future as well as home makers who know and value the location and everything this incredible property has to offer.
Features: VideoBeacon Lodge Skidoo Ballyboughal, Ballyboughal, Co. Dublin, A41HH67€1,275,0005 Bed4 Bath410 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.499053,-6.269373
------------------------------
Address: Jacqui Tallon Assoc. SCSIBeirne & Wise Estate Agents93 Butterfield Avenue, Rathfarnham, Rathfarnham, Dublin 14, D14P039€890,0004 Bed2 Bath161 m²Semi-DADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/semi-detached-house-93-butterfield-avenue-rathfarnham-rathfarnham-dublin-14/5818573
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:161 m²No. 93 is a most impressive, extended four-bedroom semi-detached house of approximately 161 sq.m. plus the combined artist studio and original garage of 14 sq. m. It is set on substantial gardens. The property is well situated on this much sought-after residential road, surrounded by many local amenities. Built in the mid-1960s, No. 93 offers light-filled rooms of generous proportions throughout, with a terrific balance of living and bedroom accommodations.
 
This has been a much-loved family home over the years. Although it would benefit from some updating and remodelling to meet modern-day family expectations, it is ready to move into, giving buyers time to make this home their own. Undoubtedly, it could be a forever family home with much potential to dream up and convert both the original garage and the spacious attic and further expand with a twin-level rear extension and rear garden office space (subject to P.P.) if required. 

The internal configuration offers excellent flexibility and flow, with two interconnecting reception rooms leading to a wonderfully spacious family/garden room and access to the generous kitchen/ breakfast room, perfect for modern-day family living. Off the generous upstairs landing are four double bedrooms and two bathrooms. The large attic, ideal for conversion should one desire, completes the picture.
 
A desirable range of facilities is immediately available, with excellent local shopping at Rathfarnham Shopping Centre and both Rathfarnham and Templeogue Villages. It is within a few minutes drive of Terenure and Dundrum Town Centre, with easy access to the M50 motorway and complimented by fantastic leafy walkways by the river Dodder and Bushy Park with the new cycle lanes connecting onwards to Orwell and Dartry Parks and all their associated leisure facilities. A comprehensive selection of well-established junior and secondary schools (both public and private) nearby and good bus routes (15B, 15D and S6) provide transport to the city centre and beyond.


ACCOMMODATION
 
PORCH
With glazed door and tiled flooring.
 
ENTRANCE HALL
A welcoming hall, with an attractive glazed screen with retro \
Features: Video93 Butterfield Avenue, Rathfarnham, Rathfarnham, Dublin 14, D14P039€890,0004 Bed2 Bath161 m²Semi-D
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.296645,-6.295897
------------------------------
Address: Liam McCarthySavills Residential & Country AgencyBramley Hill, Old Carrickbrack Road, Howth, Co. Dublin, D13PH31€3,950,0005 Bed4 Bath387 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-bramley-hill-old-carrickbrack-road-howth-co-dublin/5819965
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:387 m²An immaculate and privately situated home offering spectacular panoramic sea views across Dublin Bay 


Bramley Hill is an exceptional residence that boasts commanding panoramic views across Dublin Bay and Dun Laoghaire. This remarkable residence has been meticulously crafted to fully optimise its breathtaking surroundings and unparalleled location. 

Built in 2000 and designed by the renowned architect David Byers, the house is situated on an elevated site at the top of Danesfort Avenue above the Old Carrickbrack Road. Upon entering through the gated entrance, this leads onto a gravelled driveway and a parking area to the side of the house. 

Stepping into the porch, you are immediately greeted by a spacious and light filled entrance hall. This hall is adorned with limestone tiles and a unique radius window that offers a glimpse of the panoramic views that await. 

The internal layout of the house is cleverly designed to ensure that all main living and bedroom areas across the two floors can take advantage of Bramley Hill' s south facing aspect. The kitchen/living room features a polished granite island, fully fitted floor and wall units with Miele appliances in addition to elegant wood flooring. Adjacent to the kitchen is a large utility room with access to a side entrance. 

At the front of the house, a wraparound balcony can be accessed from both the kitchen and the living/dining room. This balcony provides an exceptional viewpoint to appreciate the uninterrupted views of Dublin Bay and its ever-changing landscape. 

The living/dining room is a magnificent space for entertaining family and guests. With its double aspect, this room showcases a magnificent marble fireplace and patio doors looking out over the landscaped west facing lawn. Off the entrance hallway is also a study and a sitting room. 

A staircase from the entrance hall gracefully descends to the lower level which comprises the bedroom accommodation and a family bathroom. The master bedroom suite, complete with a walk-in-wardrobe and a store room, is the epitome of luxury. The walk-in-wardrobe could be easily adapted to an additional bedroom if required. There are also three further bedrooms including one additional ensuite. 

Internal features include a radius window in the entrance hallway, double-glazed windows, a limestone fireplace and a central vacuum system. External features include elegant Blue Bangor Slates and a wraparound balcony. 

In all the accommodation extends to c. 4,168 sq ft/ 387 sq m, with a full layout shown on the adjoining floorplans.

Outbuildings
Adjacent to the house is a double garage featuring 2 single doors. 

Gardens & Grounds
Bramley Hill exudes an aura of tranquillity, boasting exquisite landscaped gardens and grounds which contributes to its solitude and secluded atmosphere. A key appeal of the garden is the privacy, which has been designed in a manner not to feel overlooked from any angle. Situated to the west of the house is a large well-maintained lawn which is bordered by a flower bed to the north and mature trees to the south. The property is also sheltered by cliffs forming part of Howth Hill as a backdrop to the north.

Additionally, a second lawn area is located at the front of the house, adorned with stunning flower beds interspersed throughout. Winding steps lead from the front of the garden to a verdant wooded area, offering enchanting walks and an ideal play area for kids to explore. 

There is a terrace/patio area off the kitchen to the side of the house and also a lower terrace area. In all the grounds extend to about 1 acre/ 0.4 hectare.

Danesfort Avenue, situated on one of Howth' s most prestigious roads, is a secluded enclave of private residences overlooking the Old Carrickbrack Road. The elevated position of this location offers serene privacy in addition to panoramic views across Dublin Bay.

Howth Village (5 km) is a charming fishing harbour village which offers a wide range of restaurants, pubs, boutique shops and a thriving weekend market. The village is a culinary haven, boasting some of Dublin' s finest seafood restaurants, including Aqua, King Sitric and the Oar House.

Howth, known for its tranquillity, provides a peaceful retreat while offering convenient access to Dublin City and Dublin Airport. It is renowned for its numerous picturesque walking trails including the Howth Cliff Walk, Bog of the Frogs, Doldrum Bay Loop as well as the charming West and East piers in Howth Village.

There are a range of amenities in the immediate vicinity including Howth Castle, Baily Lighthouse and Burrow Beach. Sporting enthusiasts will find enjoyment at Howth Golf Club (2 km) on the hill of the headland and Howth Yacht Club (5.5 km) at the port. Irelands Eye, a nearby island, can be reached by a regular ferry service from the West Pier in Howth, and is popular for rock-climbing activities. 

There is an excellent selection of local schools including St Fintan' s National School, Burrow National School, Scoil Mhuire Primary School, Sutton Park School and Santa Sabina Dominican College. 

The area is well serviced by public transport to the City Centre with both Howth and Sutton Dart stations nearby (5 km) in addition to a Dublin Bus service on the Old Carrickbrack Road. Additionally, the M50 and M1 motorways are conveniently 12.5 km distant which provides convenient access to Dublin Airport (18.5 km).


DIRECTIONS:
The Eircode is D13 PH31.
Features: Bramley Hill, Old Carrickbrack Road, Howth, Co. Dublin, D13PH31€3,950,0005 Bed4 Bath387 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.367725,-6.075962
------------------------------
Address: Eamonn GaffneyEamonn Gaffney AuctioneersDrumgart, Belturbet, Belturbet, Co. Cavan, H14KD78AMV: Price on Application3 Bed1 BathDetachedAuctionADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-drumgart-belturbet-belturbet-co-cavan/5826139
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Public AuctionAuction Location:The Seven Horseshoes, Belturbet, Co. Cavan & Online with LSL AuctionsAuction Date & Time:Thu, Oct 10th at 3:00 PMFor Sale by Public Auction & Online with LSL Auctions
(Unless Previously Sold)

c. 37 Acre Residential Farm
Drumgart, Belturbet, Co. Cavan
For The Reps. Of The Late Freddie Good

Lot 1. Storey and a Half House with Out-Offices on c. 1 Acre Site
Lot 2. c. 18 Acres
Lot 3. c. 18 Acres with Handling Yard and Sheds

Public Auction will be held on Thursday 10th of October 2024 at 3pm in The Seven Horseshoes, Belturbet & Online with LSL Auctions

Located on "The Yellow Road" this property at Drumgart, Belturbet has good potential.  The storey and a half house on c. 1 Acre site would be eligible for grants.  The lands are laid out in nice sized divisions running down to The Woodford River part of the Shannon-Erne Waterway.  The property is close to all local amenities, shops, schools both primary and secondary, sports clubs, banks, hotels and restaurants to name a few.

Viewing Highly Recommended and Strictly By Appointment Only.

INTERESTED PARTIES MUST REGISTER IN ADVANCE WITH AUCTIONEER BEFORE FRIDAY 4TH OCTOBER 2024

Solicitor Mary McAveety, McAveety McKenna Solicitors, The Conall Building, Main Street, Ballyconnell, Co. Cavan
Features: Drumgart, Belturbet, Belturbet, Co. Cavan, H14KD78AMV: Price on Application3 Bed1 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=54.123325,-7.503312
------------------------------
Address: Eamonn GaffneyEamonn Gaffney AuctioneersRakane, Kill, Cootehill, Co. Cavan, H16TN35AMV: Price on Application4 Bed2 BathDetachedAuctionADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-rakane-kill-cootehill-co-cavan/5826122
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Public AuctionAuction Location:The Errigal Country House Hotel, Cootehill, Co. Cavan & Online with LSL AuctionsFor Sale by Public Auction & Online with LSL Auctions
(Unless Previously Sold)

c. 35.5 Acre Roadside Residential Farm
Rakane, Cootehill, Co. Cavan

Lot 1. 4 Bed Two Storey Farmhouse with Out-Offices on c. 0.665 Acres
Lot 2. c. 23.5 Acres with Farm Accommodation
Lot 3. C. 11.3 Acres
Lot 4. Entire

Public Auction will be held on Thursday 26th of September 2024 at 3pm in The Errigal Country House Hotel, Cootehill, Co. Cavan & Online with LSL Auctions

Situated along the L2017 a short distance off the main Cootehill to Cavan Road this c. 35.5 Acre Roadside Farm is an exceptional property to come to the market.  The 4 Bed Two Storey Farmhouse has lots of potential and sits on a large c. 0.665 acre site with mature gardens and out-offices with views of the White Lough from the rear of the property.  It is close to all local amenities, shops, schools both primary and secondary, sports clubs, banks, hotels and restaurants to name a few.
The lands are of excellent quality and are well cared for.  They are laid out in nice sized divisions and are well fenced with water laid on.

Viewing Highly Recommended and Strictly By Appointment Only.

INTERESTED PARTIES MUST REGISTER IN ADVANCE WITH AUCTIONEER BEFORE FRIDAY 20TH SEPTEMBER AT 5PM

Solicitor Michael J Ryan Solicitors, Athbara House, Cavan
Features: Rakane, Kill, Cootehill, Co. Cavan, H16TN35AMV: Price on Application4 Bed2 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=54.041804,-7.109584
------------------------------
Address: Pat MulleryMullery O'Gara Estate Agents75 Palmerston Road, Rathmines, Rathmines, Dublin 6, D06H9T8€2,750,0004 Bed3 BathTerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-75-palmerston-road-rathmines-rathmines-dublin-6/5825978
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyMullery O’Gara are delighted to present 75 Palmerston Road to the open market. An impressive red brick, extended two storey over garden level Victorian residence. Well set back from the road with ample parking to front. Well stocked, secluded gardens to rear with patio areas and rear pedestrian laneway access. 

With a wonderful lay out, spacious proportions throughout and retaining magnificent period features including matching fireplaces, ceiling cornice and centre roses, restored timber floors, doors and window shutters to name a few. No. 75 has been sensitively refurbished and restored under the supervision of a conservation and heritage architect with great care and attention to detail with no expense spared. Featuring a contemporary 3 storey extension to rear, where the old marries the new in a seamless fashion.

Granite steps lead to the main reception hallway with grand ceiling height ornate ceiling cornice, centre rose and archway through to inner hall. There are two superb interconnecting reception rooms at hall level. Both of which boast original matching marble fireplaces, ceiling cornice, centre rose, original timer floors, sash windows and shutters. Special features in the reception rooms are the hand painted walls and wall plates by renowned Historic paint specialist, Don Knox and the original shutter style doors matching the window shutters with ornate architraves.

On the return is Bedroom 1 with floor to ceiling windows and bespoke wardrobes. There is also an ensuite shower room, fully tiled with shower, w.c and whb. 

On the first floor return is the luxurious family bathroom featuring a four claw stand-alone bath hand painted by Don Knox, separate shower, w.c and vanity double sink unit with lighting and mirror finished with Anitca tiled floor. 

On the first floor, Bedroom 2 is to the rear of the property with wall to wall in frame bespoke wardrobes, panelled walls and ceiling cornice. Bedroom 3 to the front has two bespoke fitted wardrobes, hand painted Don Knox wall mural, original shutters and ceiling cornice. Bedroom 4 is also to the front and has dado rail, ceiling cornice, window shutters and has access to attic. On the return is a shower room, fully tiled with shower, w.c, whb.

At garden level with separate entrance is an impressive open plan layout, full of natural light benefitting from the dual aspect and with an excellent flow from interconnecting rooms. Tastefully designed with Antica natural stone floor that runs throughout the entire downstairs and into the rear garden creating visual continuity, perfect for tying the house to the outside. 

The family room is to the front with bespoke built in cabinetry, open fireplace, alcove shelving and sash windows. Beyond the family room is the kitchen/breakfast room complete with an extensive range of shaker kitchen units with a balance of solid wood and granite worktops by Siematic Kitchens. Undermount sink, high spec Gagganeau appliances, LaCave wine fridge and Briannia gas rangemaster. 

Step down from the kitchen to the living room with rooflight, floor to ceiling bifold doors to the rear garden creating a wonderful additional space for entertaining. Off the living room is a study with floor to ceiling windows, rooflight, door to inner hall and patio door to garden. There is a well-equipped utility area with Miele appliances. 

Outside to the front is gravelled parking set behind automatic gates borded by mature hedging. To the rear is a most private landscaped garden with cut stone boundary walls, patio areas, low maintenance artificial grass and raised beds hosting an abundance of mature trees, plants and shrubs. Rear pedestrian access to laneway off Ormond or Kileen Road. 

Palmerston Road is one of South Dublin’s most sought after roads, an enviable location with all the area has to offer. Within a short walk are artisan shops and cafes on Dunville Avenue and the villages of Ranelagh and Rathmines with their fantastic choice of restaurants, bars and shops. 

There are of top primary and secondary schools in the area including Alexandra College, Gonzaga, St. Mary’s, Sandford Park, Muckross, Scoil Bhríde, Sandford National, Ranelagh Multi-Denominational all closeby. Recreational facilities are also well catered for in the area with Belgrave Square and Palmerston Park on your doorstep. Palmerston Road is an extremely accessible location with Beechwood LUAS and numerous bus routes in the locality.  

Accommodation
Hall Level
Reception Hall
Restored front door with fanlight. Ornate ceiling cornice, centre rose, stained timber floor, dado rail and arch to inner hall.

Lounge
Open fire with marble mantlepiece, slate inset and hearth. High ceilings with ceiling cornice, centre rose, picture rail. Stained timber floor, sash windows with window shutters. Don Knox hand painted walls and original shutter style doors to 

Dining room
Open fire with matching marble mantelpiece, tiled inset and slate hearth. High ceilings with ceiling cornice, centre rose, picture rail. Stained timber floor, sash windows with window shutters. Don Knox hand painted walls.

Return
Bedroom 1 (Ensuite)
Floor to ceiling windows overlooking garden. Bespoke cabinetry. Recessed lights.
Ensuite shower room
Antica natural stone tiled walls and floor with Hansgrohe shower, Villeroy & Boch w.c and whb, towel radiator and recessed glazed shelving. 

1st Floor Return
Landing
Hot press

Bathroom
Antica natural stone tiled walls and floor, four claw stand-alone cast iron bath - hand painted by Don Knox. Hansgrohe twin overhead and telephone shower. Villeroy & Boch w.c and double whb with vanity unit, lighting and mirror. Large towel radiator and floor to ceiling windows overlooking garden.

1st Floor
Bedroom 2( rear)
Wall to wall bespoke fitted wardrobes with panelled walls, ceiling cornice, centre rose and dado rail.

Bedroom 3 (front)
Two bespoke fitted wardrobes, window shutters. Recessed lights. Hand painted Don Knox mural. 

Bedroom 4 (front)
Bespoke shelved unit. Window shutters, ceiling cornice and dado rail. Recessed lights and access to attic. 

2nd Floor Return
Bathroom
Intricate Mosaic tiled floor and walls. Hansgrohe shower, Villeroy & Boch w.c and whb, towel radiator, vanity mirror and recessed lights.

Garden Level
Separate Entrance
Hall
Under steps storage. Central heating boilers.

Inner Hall / Utility / Guest w.c 
Walk-in closet, utility plumbed for washing machine and dryer. Guest w.c, and whb. 

Family Room
Antica natural stone tiled floor. Open fireplace with alcove shelving either side, bench storage and bespoke cabinetry. Bifold glazed doors to Kitchen.

Kitchen / Breakfast room 
Extensive range of overhead and undercounter kitchen units with solid wood and Granite worktop by Siematic Kitchen. Undermount sink unit, high spec Gagganeau appliances and Briannia gas rangemaster. Island unit with additional storage and LaCave wine fridge. Built in seating. Recessed lights, Antica natural stone tiled floor and opening to living room 

Living Room
Floor to ceiling bifold glazed doors to garden. Antica natural stone tiled floor and recessed lights.

Study
Antica natural stone tiled floor, floor to ceiling windows with rooflight and recessed lights.  

Outside
Front gardens set behind automatic gates to gravelled area for parking bordered by mature hedging and trees. To the rear is a most private landscaped garden, not overlooked. Complete with an abundance of mature shrubs, plants and trees. Low maintenance Antica natural stone paved patio area and artificial grass. Concrete built outhouse. Garden lighting, sound system. Door to lane accessed via Ormond Road or Kileen Road.
Features: Video75 Palmerston Road, Rathmines, Rathmines, Dublin 6, D06H9T8€2,750,0004 Bed3 BathTerrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.319377,-6.259095
------------------------------
Address: Dan Howard MIPAV TRV PSR 006328Dan Howard & Co. LtdGlounatouig House, Raffeen Bridge, Carrigaline, Co. Cork, T12X6FD€700,0005 Bed4 Bath280 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-raffeen-bridge-monkstown-co-cork/5822886
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:280 m²*** TERMS AGREED ***

Glounatouig House, 
Raffeen Bridge,
Carrigaline,
Cork T12 X6FD

Dan Howard & Co. Ltd Auctioneers are delighted to bring to the market this fabulous detached house, standing on over an acre of mature gardens and of course, you would expect a TENNIS COURT... Yes there is a tennis court nicely tucked away to the rear of the house, we could be looking at a Wimbledon star in the making or maybe just a bit of family fun.
Moving on....  what a house, its huge!! Over 3000sqft over 3 floors, loads of living rooms, loads of bedrooms and room for granny also!! To the right of the house there is a little annex that was originally a granny flat but the current owners opened it up for different uses, it could easily be brought back to the granny flat use, if required, or a handy pad for the elderly Teen!!
Now, the kitchen... what a kitchen, its huge!! ( Am I repeating myself) Top of the range units, with all built in appliances, a large Island unit with electric hob and a stunning, bright, dining room. The dining room has large sliding doors that bring you to the rear patio. We are not finished yet, just off the dining room there is the most beautiful and comfortable TV room, this is all open plan and really brings this part of the property together nicely.
There are 2 other living rooms on the ground floor also.
The first floor 5 bedrooms, all with built in wardrobes, bathroom, ensuites and the next floor has an office and a large open plan area that could be used as a study etc.
The entrance has stone pillars, walls and gates and there is a tarmac driveway up to the large parking area to the front. The gardens are very well looked after and are in fine condition. The site is just over one acre.
Location wise, its spot on! 5 mins to Carrigaline, 5 mins from Ringaskiddy, 15 mins to Cork City, 15 mins to Cork Airport.

ACCOMMODATION:
Hallway:
Sitting Room: 3.8m x 3.8m
Living Room: 5.3m x 3.8m
Family Room: 4m x 3.8m
Kitchen: 6.2m x 3.4m
Dining Room: 6.2m x 2.1m
Utility Room: 3.3m x 1.5m
Office: 4.5m x 3.5m
Utility/garage: 5.3m x 4.5m (suitable for use a granny flat)
Stairs/Landing:
Master Bedroom: 3.7m x 3.3m
WC: 1.6m x 1m
Walk in Wardrobe:2.5m x 1m
Bedroom 2: 3.3m x 3.3m - Wardrobes
Bedroom 3: 3.8m x 2.5m - Wardrobes
Bedroom 4: 3.5m x 3.2m - Wardrobes
Ensuite: 1.7m x 1.5m
Bedroom 5: 3.3m x 3.3m - Wardrobes
Bathroom: 3.4m x 1.9m
Stairs to attic:
Attic storage room: 6.6m x 4.2m
Office: 4.2m x 3m

FEATURES:
Large Detached house on over 1 Acre
Tarmac Driveway up to the house from the main road
Upgraded kitchen with appliances
Potential for a granny flat to the side annex
Close to Monkstown, Carrigaline, Shanbally, Ringaskiddy and Cork Airport
3 Seperate living rooms on the ground floor
5 Double bedrooms
Out door tennis court to the rear
Mature landscaped gardens
Large patio area
Oil Heating
Attic Conversion
Large Timber Shed
Outdoor play area
Features: VideoGlounatouig House, Raffeen Bridge, Carrigaline, Co. Cork, T12X6FD€700,0005 Bed4 Bath280 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.833393,-8.370918
------------------------------
Address: Ciaran CassidyMullery O'Gara Estate Agents Ranelagh65 Leeson Close, Dublin 2, Dublin 2, D02DK19€1,695,0003 Bed3 Bath195 m²TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-65-leeson-close-dublin-2/5760174
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:195 m²Mullery O\'Gara proudly presents No 65 Leeson Close. A recently refurbished and extended cleverly designed mews residence, offering contemporary living in this meticulously presented home. Boasting an impressive open-plan kitchen/living/dining that seamlessly flows into a sunny southwest-facing rear garden - the property was refurbished in circa 2020 and is now in turnkey condition throughout. There is a garage providing off-street parking with electric open and over door and provision for e-charging.

On entering the property you are welcomed by a spacious hall with oak wooden flooring, downstairs shower room and wc, excellent cloaks storage and direct access to garage. Located to the rear is a stunning open-plan kitchen/living/dining with bespoke Kitchen double Miele oven, microwave fitted appliances, Samsung American style fridge freezer, microwave and gas hob. Large island unit with sink and wine cooler. Door opening out to the sunny southwest facing landscaped rear garden, ensuring an abundance of natural light throughout the day with wonderful evening light flooding the entire space. 

Continuing upstairs there is a bespoke oak staircase leading up to the first floor landing with exposed brick wall. Off the landing there are three bedrooms. The main bedroom, which overlooks the rear garden, boasts a separate dressing room and a large ensuite shower room. Bedroom two, located to the front, is a large double bedroom. The third bedroom, also to the front, is a single bedroom and offers flexibility to be used as a home office. The well-equipped main bathroom completes the accommodation.

Nestled in the heart of Dublin 2, close to Dublin\'s financial, business, shopping, leisure and entertainment centres. Off Leeson Street Lower, a highly convenient location a short walk to St. Stephen\'s Green and Grafton Street, the Grand Canal, Ranelagh and Portobello. Tansport links include multiple bus routes on Leeson Street, South Circular Road and Camden Street. The Luas Green line at Harcourt Street services Dublin\'s South Side and Cross City. Nearby schools include The Institute of Education, Loreto College and C.U.S.
Features: Video65 Leeson Close, Dublin 2, Dublin 2, D02DK19€1,695,0003 Bed3 Bath195 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.333856,-6.253738
------------------------------
Address: Trina Beakey MSCSI MRICSBeirne & Wise Estate Agents20 Hampton Crescent, Saint Helen's Wood, Booterstown, Co. Dublin, A94EP95€795,0003 Bed2 Bath86 m²End of TerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/end-of-terrace-house-20-hampton-crescent-saint-helens-wood-booterstown-co-dublin/5825702
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:86 m²No 20 Hampton Crescent is a most attractive end of terrace family home (86sq.m./925sq.ft approx.) ideally located in this leafy and mature development, St Helens Wood. St Helen's Wood was developed in the 1990's on the beautiful grounds of the former St Helen's Estate. Smartly presented throughout, this well laid out home offers bright accommodation including a large open plan living area, kitchen/ breakfast room and 3 bedrooms. The main bedroom is a very generous double and has the benefit of an ensuite shower room. A particular feature is the rear garden which offers scope to extend the property if required.

Located in the much sought after and superbly located, St. Helen's Wood, Hampton Crescent offers an almost traffic free wooded oasis, ideal for young children, together with the convenience of being so close to everything. The location is fantastic, within a short stroll of a wide range of schools and colleges, St Andrews, Colaiste Eoin and Iosagain, Blackrock and Willow Park, as well as UCD which is an easy 20-minute walk away. The property is also well served by public transport with the QBC on the N11 offering a wide range of bus routes, as well as Booterstown DART Station which is approximately a 12-minute walk away.

ACCOMMODATION

PORCH 
With tiled floor and convenient storage cupboard. 

HALL
Attractive front door with stained glass panels. Cloak cupboard and storage cupboard. Wooden 
flooring. 

GUEST W.C 
With W.C. and wash hand basin.

KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM
3.15m x 3.65m
The kitchen area is fitted with wall and floor cupboards with a tiled splashback. Appliances include
an oven and hob with overhead extractor.  Fridge/freezer.  Tiled floor and recessed ceiling spotlights. 

LIVING/DINING ROOM
4.35m (max) x 6.15m 
Large light-filled room with staircase to the first-floor accommodation. Attractive marble fireplace and French patio doors open to the rear garden. Wooden floors.

FIRST FLOOR LANDING
Access to attic.

BEDROOM 1 
4.32m x 4.20m 
Large double bedroom spanning the full width of the house. Built in wardrobes and dressing table. 
Two windows overlooking the leafy grounds to the front of the front. 

ENSUITE
Complete with W.C., wash hand basin and a double shower. Window to side aspect. 

BEDROOM 2
2.40m x 3.55m Double bedroom overlooking the rear garden.

BEDROOM 3
2.15m x 2.55m Single bedroom with a built-in wardrobe. 

BATHROOM
With W.C., wash hand basin and a bath with a shower attachment. window to side aspect. 

OUTSIDE
To the front of the property there is large green and pathway to the front of the property. A gated 
side access opens to the rear garden which extends to approximately 10M in length.  The rear garden is laid mainly in lawn and has a patio. 

SERVICE CHARGE 
There is an annual service charge of €690 for the upkeep of the communal grounds. 
Managing Agent: Paramount Estates
Features: Video20 Hampton Crescent, Saint Helen's Wood, Booterstown, Co. Dublin, A94EP95€795,0003 Bed2 Bath86 m²End of Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.30306,-6.201821
------------------------------
Address: Ciaran CassidyMullery O'Gara Estate Agents RanelaghRathdown Manor, Ballycorus Road, Rathmichael, Co. Dublin, D18T104€2,690,0007 Bed6 Bath910 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-rathmichael-brook-ballycorus-road-rathmichael-co-dublin/5819341
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:910 m²Rathdown Manor is an impressive residence of distinction built in the Tudor style with many unique and charming features. Beautifully proportioned and contemporary interiors extend to approximately 490sqm (5,274sqft) of habitable space and an additional 420sqm (4,520 sqft) within the footprint of immensely functional space to include attic (second floor), Basement and Double Garage. With excellent head height, all of recent construction. Set in the heart of Rathmichael on approximately 1.5 acres of serene and verdant landscaped grounds, bounded by a brook, and tranquil meandering pathways. Offering security, privacy and space. The gardens of this exquisitely spacious home will be of particular interest to nature lovers and horticulturists.

The luxurious accommodation is designed for entertaining on a grand scale. Briefly, the accommodation comprises an elegantly spacious Reception Hall featuring an Adams style fireplace with morning room utilisation, Guest cloakroom, Spacious Kitchen/Dining area leading to a generous conservatory designed for more formal dining overlooking the gardens. Additionally the ground floor has the benefit of is an ensuite bedroom in the East wing in addition to the caterer's kitchen/comms room both of which are served from the east wing lobby. The latter in turn leads to the double garage, gardeners wc and boiler room. The conservatory in turn links to the generously proportioned drawing room, sun room connecting the front of the house to the rear incorporating unimpeded open plan triple aspect. 

The feature sweeping staircase ascends to a galleried landing above with ornate balustrades extending through to a the second floor. The four double bedrooms on the first floor benefit from panoramic surrounding landscaping.

The Second floor comprises three generously proportioned divisions is located above this comprising of oak floors, with kitchenette having extended sylvan aspects on all elevations with feature porthole window 

On the lower level there is a truly exceptionally functional basement with excellent head height and a double garage. 

N.B See attached PDF. "56 Noteworthy aspects of Rathdown Manor" (without photos). In order to view please click on the term "Brochure" 
It can transpire to be an extremely rewarding exercise in aesthetic and exponential financial benefits notably alluded to under aspects 7/8/9/10. 
The Agent will elucidate on further detail at viewing.

To complete the extensive accommodation there is a self-contained Annex Guest with two bedrooms, one en-suite, separate bathroom and a generously proportioned Living area in addition to kitchen facility and bathroom. 

There is ample parking to the front and side of the property (up to thirty cars) which is accessed via blacksmith fabricated automated gates in hammer forged Tudor style complementing the house style. Extensive external lighting illuminates the property and gardens nocturnally, creating a magical scene in the evenings, and children will be enchanted and constantly entertained by the atmosphere of exploration within the grounds.

Rathdown Manor is set in a dream location - a verdant setting surrounded by mature trees and hedging yet within easy reach of local shopping facilities in Shankill Village and convenient to larger shopping centres in Bray and Cornelscourt, The Park Carrickmines and Dundrum Shopping Centre. The DART station at Shankill, and The LUAS at Cherrywood provide frequent access to and from the city centre.

Locally there is an excellent selection of primary and secondary schools including Rathmichael National School in addition to St. Gerard's and John Scottus Pre-School, National and Secondary School as well as Rosemont Girls Secondary, Sandyford.

Accommodation:

Elegant Hall door with panelled leaded glass detail.

Reception Hall: 11.33m x 3.69m. With oak timber floors and Adams Style Fireplace. Magnificent American Oak timber staircase with ornamental cast iron balustrades leading to the first floor and further extending to the second floor in identical detail. Ideal coffee morning room usage, entertaining visitors with ambience created by the Adams style chimney piece open fire focal point.

Morning Room: 11.40m x 3.9m with hardwood timber floor. Magnificent marble fireplace fitted with cast iron inset and slate hearth. Ornate plaster detail including dental cornicing and centre roses.

Generous under stairs coat hanging facility.

Guest Cloakroom: with white suite incorporating w.c., pedestal, w.h.b, heated towel rail and tiled underfloor electric heating.

Double doors leading from this reception area to drawing room.
 
Garden Room: 4.29m x 2.4m with timber floor. Triple aspect. Double doors to gardens and grounds.
 
Drawing Room: 10.44m x 3.75m with hardwood timber floor. Exquisite plaster detail. Fitted desk and book shelves in matching Oak. Superb
matching twin Adams style fireplace with cast iron inset for open fire. Plumbed for LPG.as alternative choice for open flame gas fire. Triple aspect.
Glazed double doors to:
 
Conservatory/Sun Room: 6.34m x 3.54m with attractive double aspect /generous formal dining capacity and overview of garden Polished American white Oak floor.French doors to gardens.

Kitchen/Breakfast/Family Room: 11.33m x 3.77m with solid polished Oak floor. Extensive range of elegant cream fitted units with ceramic detail incorporating polished granite worktop areas with granite splashback, integrated dishwasher, stainless steel double sink, integrated fridge and freezer, stainless steel microwave, stainless steel Leisure range cookers- 3 ovens and warming oven, 5 ring ceramic hob, concealed extractor and breakfast counter. Glazed doors to conservatory.

Caterers Kitchen/Comms Room: 3.86m x 3.43m with timber floor. Belfast style sink and fitted presses. Provision for choice of additional leisure cooker /hob and washing machine.
 
Bedroom 5: 5.34m x 4.18m (inclusive of en-suite area) sited in East wing comprising shower, wc, large vanity unit/whb. Fully tiled walls and floor. Located on ground floor and designed to facilitate infirm/injured or unwell occupier for the avoidance of stair usage and for ease of maintaining aural contact with- other occupiers working on ground floor.
East Wing - Lobby: generously proportioned giving direct access to 5 doors/apartment stairs and separate exit door to exterior.

Bedroom 6: (Apartment) 5.30m x 5.00m. Double fitted wardrobes. Dual aspect. Under eaves storage. 

Shower Room/Ensuite: 2.16m x 2.02m. Fully tiled walls and floor. White suite incorporating shower, w.c. and w.h.b. in vanity unit. Heated towel rail.
 
Bedroom 7: (Apartment ): 114sqft with main bathroom attached.

FEATURE STAIRCASE FROM RECEPTION HALL TO SPACIOUS PEN GALLERY LANDING with leaded cut SWAROVSKI chandelier.
 
Master Bedroom Suite 1: 5.45m x 4.20m with super views. Dressing room with built-in wardrobes and his and hers whb.'s set in polished granite surround. Jacuzzi and Bidet. Garden views.

Bathroom Ensuite: 2.34m x 1.72m with white suite incorporating Jacuzzi bath, Triton power shower, heated towel rail, bidet and w.c. Travertine tiled walls and floor.

Bedroom Suite 2: 4.12m x 4.00m with shower room ensuite 2: 2.84m x 0.87m with white suite incorporating shower, whb in vanity unit, w.c. and
heated towel rail, tiled walls and floor. Underfloor electric heating.
 
Bedroom Suite 3: 4.28m x 3.90m. Shower room ensuite with white suite incorporating shower, w.c. and whb. in vanity unit.
Heated towel rail. Tiled walls and floor. Built-in wardrobes Under floor heating.

Bedroom 4: 3.89m x 3.72m with built-in wardrobes. 

Family bathroom: 3.80m x 1.57m white suite incorporating a Jacuzzi bath, w.c. and whb in vanity unit. Triton electric shower. Heated towel rail Fully
tiled walls and under floor heating.
 
Linden Room: 2.60m x 1.82m with hot water cylinder.

Second Floor:
With Solid oak floored rooms with attractive triple aspect. Two matching glass fronted solid fuel fireplaces. Range of fitted Kitchen units with stainless steel double sink. Extensive floored, under eaves storage. Feature porthole window.
 
Basement:
286sqm (3000 sqft). Divided into 7 zones, including a strong room.These rooms are multi-purpose spaces, ideal for home cinema/gym/spa/swimming pool/ soft play area. Perfect for maturing Irish malt whiskey in casks/premier CRU wines leading to exponential profits when matured to vintage age. In the context of this area reading of the document "56 different aspects of Rathdown Manor" available to view in PDF on this presentation can be accessed by clicking on: BROCHURE and is essential reading.
 
Large Double Garage (Twin matching doors): 8.22m x 6.13m with painted concrete floor.
Work benches: 7 meters
Central Vacuuming system.
Gardeners w.c and w.h.b.
Fully tiled walls and floor.
Boiler room

Outside:
Automated gates opening to the sweeping driveway extending around to the rear of the property. Extensive beautifully landscaped multi level gardens with putting green. There is a feature arched Dickensian style lantern-illuminated Arched bridge leading to the island, setting a spectacular nocturnal scene.

Other Notable Features:

Charming arched Dickensian Style bridge. 
Exterior clock encased in Cupola topped by Rooster weather Vane. 
Secret garden. 
All W.C 's with underfloor heating. 
Trout stream and charming seating areas. 
Self-contained two bedroom apartment. 
Orchard and herb garden. 
Ten External Water Taps. 
Extensive exterior lighting. 
Low energy security lighting. 
Enriched soil and specimen shrubs. 
Two waterside decking areas with Idyllic ambience of the babbling brook. 
Caterers Kitchen/Utility/Comms room
Features: VideoRathdown Manor, Ballycorus Road, Rathmichael, Co. Dublin, D18T104€2,690,0007 Bed6 Bath910 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.234797,-6.166122
------------------------------
Address: Dermot GrimesGrimes2 Seafield€790,0004 Bed3 Bath141 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-baldoyle-dublin-13/5768325
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:141 m²Grimes are delighted to introduce no. 2 Seafield to the market. This is an exceptionally well-located
property and is presented to the market in excellent condition throughout. 
Located close to an abundance of amenities in Sutton and Howth such as renowned restaurants, 
bars, coffee houses, supermarkets, beaches and shopping centres. The Sutton Dart Station is a short 
stroll while there is a regular bus service to Dublin City Centre, Dublin Airport or Howth on the main 
road. Sporting and recreational facilities are also on your doorstep including Sutton & Howth Sailing 
Clubs, water sports, golf, tennis, rugby, GAA and hockey to name but a few. There are various 
coastal walks and cycle lanes on your doorstep and not forgetting the beautiful St Annes Park which 
is a few minutes drive away. There are numerous well regarded primary and secondary schools close 
by. Baldoyle Road is within easy access to the city center, IFSC, East Point Business Park, Dublin 
Airport, Universities, Hospital and the M1 and M50 motorways. 
Accommodation briefly comprises of the following, open plan Kitchen/Diningroom/Livingroom, Utility 
Room, Livingroom, 4 bedrooms with master en-suite and 2 family bathrooms. 
This property has been meticulously maintained over the years and has benefitted from bathroom 
and kitchen upgrades, it also has the benefit of off street parking via electric gates and a sunny 
South facing garden. 
To appreciate all this property has to offer, viewing is highly recommended. 
 
 
 
ACCOMMODATION
 
Entrance Hallway:2.04m x 2.63m 
Bright entrance hall with wooden flooring.

Living room:3.54m x 3.97m 
To the front of the property with wood flooring, feature stove and window to 
the front of the property. 

Kitchen/Dining Room: 3.43m x 9.68m 
Beautiful built in kitchen with undercounter lighting, tiled counter area and 
integrated appliances. Tiled floor, integrated downlighters and french doors 
leading to the sunny South facing garden. An archway leads to a cosy living 
area with wooden floor and beautiful integrated glass fronted stove. 

Utility room: 2.04m x 2.25m 
Tiled floor, plumbed for washing machine.

Bedroom 1: 3.54 x 3.71m
Spacious double bedroom with wooden floors & fitted wardrobes.
Family Bathroom 1:  1.48m x 1.45m 
Fully tiled from floor to ceiling. Walk in wetroom shower with glass panel, WC, 
WHB and window. 

First Floor 
Master Bedroom: 3.79m x 3.54m 
With wooden floor, fitted wardrobes and en-suite.

En-Suite: 1.84 x 2.28m 
Recently renovated en suite with shower, vanity unit and WC. Marble tiled 
floors and walls. Skylight. 

Bedroom 3: 3.43m x 3.79m 
To the front of the property with wooden floors and fitted wardrobes. 

Bedroom 4: 4.57m x 2.28m 
With wooden flooring and built in cupboard/wardrobe. 

Family Bathroom: 3.43m x 2.27m 
Bright spacious family bathroom with bath, WC and WHB. Tiled floor and walls, 
large skylight.
Features: 2 Seafield€790,0004 Bed3 Bath141 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.3965664,-6.1376175
------------------------------
Address: Mark Togher BA MIPAVSherry FitzGerald HanleyToomore, Foxford, Co Mayo, F26W260€165,0003 Bed1 Bath90 m²BungalowViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-aughaward-toomore-foxford-co-mayo/5592749
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:90 m²For sale by Sherry FitzGerald Hanley via the iamsold Bidding Platform 
Please note this property will be offered by online auction (unless sold prior). For auction date and time please visit iamsold.ie. Vendors may decide to accept pre-auction bids so please register your interest with us to avoid disappointment.

Charming three to four-bedroom cottage, situated in a picturesque, rural setting adjacent to the river Moy.This ‘Nurse Cottage’ style property is situated in the townland of Aughaward, just 8km from Foxford and 11km from Swinford. Ireland West Airport Knock is within close proximity also, less than 23km away.This property comes to the market in excellent condition and is ready for immediate occupation.  It was completely renovated over the last number of years. The site consists of off-street parking for a number of vehicles, a large garden to the rear, an orchard to the side and a commanding view of the surrounding countryside, which includes a stunning view of the nearby Nephin Mountain. There is also a stone building adjacent to the cottage, which was the original homestead and would have been vacated sometime in the 1930's when they built the "new" house.  This old cottage has been cleared out and reroofed.  There are new windows and a door and extensive drainage works have been carried out around the cottage.  This old cottage could be transformed into additional guest accommodation, a studio, or office space. Eircode: F26W260.

Auctioneers Comments: This property is offered for sale by online auction (unless sold prior) so please contact us early to avoid disappointment. The successful bidder is required to pay a 10% deposit and contracts are signed immediately on acceptance of a bid. Please note this property is subject to an undisclosed reserve price. Terms and conditions apply to this sale.

Entrance Hall 1.2m x 3.8m. With a carpet floor, timber panelling to the walls and a tongue and groove ceiling.

Bedroom 1 2.8m x 2.6m. Double room to the front of the house with a carpet floor and a tongue and groove ceiling.

Bedroom 2 3.6m x 3.3m. Double room to the front of the house with a carpet floor, tongue and groove ceiling, with windows to the front and side allowing for ample natural light.

Living Room 3.8m x 4.5m. With a tiled floor, timber panelling to the walls, solid fuel stove with a large traditional fireplace surround and tiled hearth, and windows to the front and rear allowing for ample natural light.

Bedroom 3 3.3m x 1.9m. Single room to the rear of the house with a carpet floor and timber panelling to the walls.

Study 2.6m x 2.8m. Bright room with a tiled floor, timber panelling to the walls, and sliding doors leading out to the side of the property. This room offers beautiful views of Nephin Mountain and the surrounding countryside.

Kitchen 4.9m x 2.7m. With a tiled floor, a fitted kitchen with a tiled splashback, integrated oven, hob, and dishwasher.

Utility Room 1m x 1.5m. With a tiled floor and accommodation for a washing machine and tumble dryer.

Bathroom 2.8m x 1.5m. Fully tiled shower room with a toilet, wash hand basin and a large, double walk-in shower.
Features: Toomore, Foxford, Co Mayo, F26W260€165,0003 Bed1 Bath90 m²Bungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.938936,-9.08759
------------------------------
Address: Patrick LeonardLeonard Wilson Keenan Estates & Letting Agents25 Rathmichael Manor, Shankill, Dublin 18, D18DR60€995,0006 Bed5 Bath203 m²DetachedOpen from Oct 19thADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-25-rathmichael-manor-loughlinstown-loughlinstown-co-dublin/5780944
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:203 m²LEONARD WILSON KEENAN ESTATE & LETTING AGENTS 
Our business is you....

EXTENDED 6 BED / 5 BATH DETACHED HOME WITH LARGE EXTENSION TO THE SIDE / REAR 
VERY WELL MAINTAINED THROUGHOUT 
WEST FACING BACK GARDEN 
MOST SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT OF HOMES 
ENVIABLE CUL DE SAC SETTING 
REAR VEHICULAR ACCESS 

EARLY VIEWING STRONGLY ADVISED....

A most spacious extended home in an idyllic setting....

Multi Award Winning Team Patrick Leonard The Dublin Property Specialists are truly delighted to present No. 25 Rathmichael Manor to our Premium Collection of homes. This beautiful home is sure to impress.

Rathmichael Manor is a most sought after development of homes tucked away in a most private setting yet with every conceivable amenity on your doorstep.

The extra spacious extended floor plan of No. 25 is laid out over 2 floors. The property would be ideal as a 2 family home and the floor plan could be easily divided.

This most descriptive home comprises of: Hallway, living room, dining room, kitchen / dining / family room, shower room, utility room, conservatory and bedroom 6 / sitting room. 

Upstairs there is a landing, 5 bedrooms (4 double and 1 single) to include primary en suite, guest en suite, family bathroom and guest toilet.

The features of this beautiful home include: Feature fireplace in living room, fitted kitchen with an abundance of base and eye level storage to include all integrated appliances and fitted wardrobes in 4 of the bedrooms.

The property further boasts gas fired central heating and newly upgraded triple glazed PVC widows.

Outside there is a large private driveway leading to a side entrance on each side of the property.

To the rear is a large west facing garden which is not overlooked and has full vehicular access.


The property falls into an excellent catchment of both primary and secondary schools making it a real winner with families.

Foxrock, Dalkey & Killiney Villages are all within a 10 minute drive. Shankill
& Rathmichael are both on your doorstep. 

The property is strategically positioned with the M11 / N11 & M50 all adjacent to this wonderful family home.

The area is further serviced by an excellent bus route making the city centre most accessible.


Early viewing is strongly advised.

***All information provided is to the best of our knowledge. The utmost of care and attention has been placed on providing factual and correct information. In certain cases some information may have been provided by the vendor to us. We do not hold any responsibility for mistakes, errors or inaccuracies in our online advertising and give each and every viewer the right to get an opinion on any concern they may have***
Features: VideoVirtual Tour25 Rathmichael Manor, Shankill, Dublin 18, D18DR60€995,0006 Bed5 Bath203 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.241472,-6.131029
------------------------------
Address: Patrick LeonardLeonard Wilson Keenan Estates & Letting AgentsApartment 65, Old City Music Hall, Dublin 8, D08E227€850,0003 Bed2 Bath86 m²ApartmentADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-apartment-65-old-city-music-hall-dublin-8/5783029
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:86 m²LEONARD WILSON KEENAN ESTATE & LETTING AGENTS
 
Our business is you....

EXCELLENT LOCATION
CAPTIVATING CITY VIEWS
SOUTH EAST FACING TERRACE
SOUTH WEST FACING TERRACE
OVERSIZED EXTRA SPACIOUS 3 BED / 2 BATH STANDALONE PENTHOUSE OF DISTINCTION
FLOODED WITH NATURAL LIGHT
HIGH CEILINGS
FULLY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT TO AN EXCEPTIONALLY HIGH STANDARD
ONE DESIGNATED PARKING SPACE

EARLY VIEWING STRONGLY ADVISED

Peace and tranquility with the city beneath you..

Multi Award Winning Team Patrick Leonard The City Centre Property Specialists are truly honoured to present one of the most captivating and unique homes to introduce itself to the city property market in 2024.

The Old City Music Hall is an iconic address in the heart of the city.

No. 65 is sure to impress international buyers, professionals, investors and parties trading up
/ down alike.

The extra spacious floor plan consists of: Entrance hall, store room, open plan living / dining / kitchen, 3 bedroom to include primary en suite & family bathroom.

The many features of this breathtaking home include: Stunning entrance hall with feature panelling, bespoke fitted kitchen with an abundance of base and eye level storage to include all integrated appliances, bespoke living room cabinetry, spacious bathroom and en suite with quality sanitary ware & tiling, fitted wardrobes in 2 of the bedrooms and quality flooring throughout.

The use of quality materials and fittings creates a beautiful space with no expense spared by the current owners.

The property further boasts upgraded windows and doors and energy efficient heating.

The location is excellent making the city most accessible. Dublin Castle and Dame St are on your doorstep whilst Grafton St & St. Stephen's Green are both within walking distance.

The property also has one designated underground car parking space.

For families looking to live in the city the property falls into an excellent catchment of both primary and secondary schools in addition to excellent private schools.

This beautiful home offers complete privacy and seclusion with uninterrupted views in the heart of the city.

Early viewing is strongly advised.


***All information provided is to the best of our knowledge. The utmost of care and attention has been placed on providing factual and correct information. In certain cases some information may have been provided by the vendor to us. We do not hold any responsibility for mistakes, errors or inaccuracies in our online advertising and give each and every viewer the right to get an opinion on any concern they may have***
Features: VideoVirtual TourApartment 65, Old City Music Hall, Dublin 8, D08E227€850,0003 Bed2 Bath86 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.344058,-6.269186
------------------------------
Address: Jeffrey Brophy MSc. MIPAV PSRA No. 003455-004872Brophy Cusack9 Marian Avenue, Carrick-on-Suir, Co. Tipperary, E32X884€170,0003 Bed1 Bath62 m²TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-9-marian-avenue-carrick-on-suir-co-tipperary/5823942
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:62 m²Brophy Cusack is delighted to bring to market 9 Marian Avenue, a charming 3-bedroom terraced house located in the highly sought-after Marian Avenue estate in the heart of Carrick-on-Suir. This property offers the perfect blend of traditional charm and modern convenience, all within walking distance of local amenities such as schools, shops, and public transport.

Number 9 has been meticulously maintained, preserving its original character while benefiting from recent updates that enhance its comfort and functionality. The home features a newly fitted main bathroom and an updated kitchen, both designed with modern aesthetics and practicality in mind. Additionally, the property is equipped with double-glazed PVC windows and doors, ensuring energy efficiency and a quiet, comfortable living environment.

Externally, the property boasts a low-maintenance front garden, beautifully brick-paved for added convenience and curb appeal. The large south-facing rear garden is also brick-paved and features gated access, offering both privacy and ease of access. The outdoor space includes a garage and a shed, the latter housing the boiler, providing additional storage and utility space.

This home is ideal for first-time buyers, downsizers, or those looking to invest in a well-maintained property in a prime location. With its combination of original features, modern updates, and excellent location, 9 Marian Avenue represents a rare opportunity in today’s market. Contact Brophy Cusack today to arrange a viewing and experience this delightful home for yourself.
Features: Virtual Tour9 Marian Avenue, Carrick-on-Suir, Co. Tipperary, E32X884€170,0003 Bed1 Bath62 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.349662,-7.407525
------------------------------
Address: Pat DooleyREA Dooley GroupTervoe, Clarina, Co. Limerick, V94AVP4€430,0005 Bed3 BathDetachedSchool NearbyADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-tervoe-clarina-co-limerick/5673006
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyREA Dooley Group are proud to bring to market this eye catching 5 bedroom two storey residence with garage on large site adjacent to Ballybrown national school and local grocery store. Clarina village is a 5 minute stroll while the outskirts of the city is only a 10 minute commute. Viewing is a must. 

Accommodation: Entrance Hallway, Sitting Room, Living Room, Reception/Office, Shower Room, Kitchen/Dining Room, Utility, WC, 5 Bedrooms, and Main Bathroom. 

Property benefits from Oil Heating, Insulation upgrade, new windows installed, tarmac driveway. large detached garage with double door access and side door access, surrounded by mature hedging and lawns,

Bedroom 1

Bedroom 2

Bedroom 3

Bedroom 4

Bedroom 5

Shower Room
Fully tiled, WC, WHB, Shower

Bathroom
Tiled floor, part tiled wall, WC, WHB, Bath

Kitchen/Dining Room
Fitted kitchen, Tiled floor and splashback, french doors to dining room

Living Room

Sitting Room

Utility
Tiled floor, Fitted units, SS sink, Plumbed for washer/dryer



Notice
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only.
Features: VideoTervoe, Clarina, Co. Limerick, V94AVP4€430,0005 Bed3 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.6435932,-8.7295791
------------------------------
Address: Guy Palmer MIPAV PSRA 005871Palmer AuctioneersArd Na Mara, Ballymacaw, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91F38K€949,0004 Bed4 Bath255 m²DetachedStunning ViewsADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-ballymacaw-dunmore-east-brownstown-co-waterford/5818577
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:255 m²Ard Na Mara is an exceptional detached family home standing on an elevated south facing coastal site commanding sweeping panoramic sea views. Upgraded in 2023, this magnificent home has been meticulously finished to a high standard and is tastefully decorated and presented in superb turnkey condition throughout. 

Accessed via a long tarmacadam drive, the elevated site extends to c. 1.53 hectares (c. 3.78 acres) and is situated in Ballymacaw on the coast road 3.5km west of Dunmore East. There are a number of popular bathing coves and beaches within walking distance along with the spectacular Dunmore East Cliff Walk, which runs 6.8km from Ballymacaw Cove to Dunmore East.

The property is extremely well specified with a host of smart devices.

Zoned oil-fired central heating (new boiler installed 2023) with Ember smart heating app, uPVC treble glazed windows, mains water, septic tank, alarm, solid mahogany doors, fibre high speed broadband. The electric security gates, external lighting and CCTV can all be controlled remotely via an app.

Upon entering the property, you are greeted by a spacious entrance hall with vaulted ceiling flooding the space with light thanks to three large south facing roof windows. Double doors open onto the living and dining rooms either side of the hall.

Elegant dual aspect living room with vaulted ceiling, open fireplace in marble surround and mantle. A large bay window with a window seat overlooks the gardens and has lovely sea views. The dining room features an open fireplace in marble surround and sea views with glazed double doors leading to the kitchen.

Dual aspect kitchen with laminated wood flooring and smart bespoke white handless units by Sean Hogan Kitchens with integrated AEG appliances and quartz worktops. Patio doors open to the garden. 

Off the kitchen is a well-appointed pantry with matching built in units, quartz worktop and door to side.

A long hallway runs behind the entrance hall and reception rooms with an open riser stair leading to the first floor, with a hot press and cloakroom off. 

Off the hallway is a large utility / laundry room with lots of built in floor to ceiling storage as well as a study / home office.

The spacious master and guest bedrooms are located at either end of the hallway, both with matching floor to ceiling built-in wardrobes and tiled ensuite shower rooms with contemporary sanitary ware, power rain showers and underfloor heating.

On the first floor is a landing with two Velux roof windows and an additional two double bedrooms, one with built in wardrobes and the larger bedroom dual aspect with fantastic sea views. There is also a Gym / 5th bedroom with sea views and a tiled shower room with rain power shower and underfloor heating.

A large tarmacadam apron wraps around the property providing ample parking. To the rear is a detached double garage with newly installed electric roller shutter doors and a boiler house. 

The gardens are mainly in lawn with some ornamental planting to the front and side. 

At the rear of the garden is a fruit orchard with a beautiful handmade temperature regulated Hartley Botanic Victorian Glasshouse with power and water. 

This exceptional property is in fantastic turnkey condition and viewing is recommended through the selling agents Palmer Auctioneers
Features: VideoVirtual TourArd Na Mara, Ballymacaw, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91F38K€949,0004 Bed4 Bath255 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.143294,-7.0486
------------------------------
Address: Rose LyleSavills Residential & Country Agency7 Raglan Road, Dublin 4, Co. Dublin, D04V0N0€3,800,0005 Bed4 Bath406 m²TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-7-raglan-road-dublin-4-co-dublin/5819997
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:406 m²A classic Victorian family home with a west facing garden in the heart of Dublin' s embassy belt.

7 Raglan Road is an elegant Victorian residence comprising of three floors over a garden level. This attractive five bedroom family home (406sqm/4,376sqft) benefits from a beautiful west facing garden. Many of the fine original features have been carefully restored including the entrance hall transom, high ceilings detailed with cornicing, hardwood floors and sash windows with original shutters. 

The property is entered through wrought- iron gates which open to a gravel front garden. The home has undergone renovations to the exterior, including brick repointing and restoration. The residence can be accessed from the front door elevated by railed granite entrance steps, or at the garden level. 

The grand entrance hall features a marble floor, original plasterwork and an attractive archway. Located just off the entrance hall is the double reception room, a drawing room and a dining room, that exude timeless elegance. The drawing room overlooks Raglan Road whilst the dining room enjoys views of the garden. Both detailed with ornate ceiling cornicing and original hardwood floors, the rooms maintain period charm and elegance. Located on the ground floor return are a bedroom and bathroom along with a balcony overlooking the rear garden.

On the garden level, there is a well equipped kitchen with integrated appliances, an island unit and attractive fireplace. Double doors lead through to the breakfast room at the front of the property whilst double glass doors open to the rear garden. As well as a utility and pantry room, the garden level benefits from ample storage in the form of built-in cupboards lining the hallway. A door allows access to the front of the property. 

The first floor comprises of two well-proportioned bedrooms, a family bathroom. The front bedroom benefits from two large windows and excellent ceiling height. The rear bedroom has lovely garden views.

The master ensuite bedroom occupies the majority of the second floor and has beautiful natural light. The bedroom, located at the front of the house, flows through to a dressing room and bathroom. This room boasts a corner bath and walk-in shower. Adjacent to this bedroom, lies a study, fitted with built-in cupboards for ample storage. The hallway is fitted with a skylight and a window, affording natural light and airiness.

Gardens 
To the rear there is a well designed westerly facing garden. The garden is split level with a firepit and paved patio on the lower level. French double doors in the kitchen open out onto the lower level which is a perfect space for entertaining. Granite steps lead up to a lawned area bordered with manicured box hedging and mature trees offering privacy from the rear mews. The garden is west facing and benefits from an abundance of afternoon and evening sun.

On the instructions of Kieran Wallace, Receiver.

Nestled in Dublin' s most exclusive and convenient address, 7 Raglan Road is situated on the Pembroke Road side of Raglan Road. Boasting wide tree lined roads and Victorian architecture, Ballsbridge is home to the majority of foreign embassies and diplomatic representations in Dublin. 
Ballsbridge and the surrounding area offer a range of amenities, from upscale dining and shopping to recreational and sporting facilities.

The RDS and the AVIVA stadium are both within walking distance of the property and host a range of sporting events including rugby, football and showjumping. The Historic Herbert Park is located to the south of 7 Raglan Road and offers a Sunday farmers market and the Herbert Park tennis Courts. Bound by the river Dodder, the park boasts a tranquil reprieve from the bustling surrounds. 

Excellent schooling options are available within close proximity to the property including Kildare Place, Muckross Park and Gonzaga College. Third level institutions including Trinity College Dublin, UCD and RCSI are situated only a stones throw away. 

7 Raglan Road has an exceptional transportation connection with a bus corridor running along Pembroke Road. Lansdowne Road DART station is only a ten-minute walk from the property.
Features: 7 Raglan Road, Dublin 4, Co. Dublin, D04V0N0€3,800,0005 Bed4 Bath406 m²Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.33099,-6.238539
------------------------------
Address: Foley AuctioneersFoley AuctioneersCandle Hill, Oberstown, Tara, Co. Meath, C15T6YC€895,0003 Bed4 Bath253 m²BungalowViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-candle-hill-oberstown-tara-co-meath/5785391
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:253 m²We bring to the Summer Market, this magnificent 3 bedroom detached bungalow on c.1.2 acres, the property is in showrooom condition is being offered as a turnkey home and  located only 7km from the M3 Motorway and 1.5km from The Hill of Skryne with it's renowned O'Connell's Pub, Fox's Bar And Lounge and Skryne Pitch & Putt course. 

The property features mature landscaped gardens to the front offering added privacy, detached garage and spacious garden & lighted patio area to the rear. 
Internally, there is living space of 253 sq.m. including the very impressive modern open plan kitchen & dining area which features extensive natural lighting, the south facing sun room with patio doors to the Gazebo covered patio area and the large main living room.
All 3 en -suite bedrooms are c.25 sq.m with built in mirrored sliding wardrobes.

There are a number of primary & secondary schools, GAA & other sporting clubs in the locality. Superbly situated between the N2 & M3, providing excellent access to major attraction such as The Hill of Tara (8km), Emerald Park (8km). Top golf courses such as Killeen Castle (8km), Royal Tara (7km) & Black Bush (10km). Fairyhouse Racecourse (15km).

Entrance Hallway| 2.5m x 7.6m Porcelain tiled floor, chandelier light fittings, cloakroom, storage/camera room
Living Room| 5.8m x 5.4m Herringbone wood flooring, open plan archway to family/sun room, chandelier light fitting with matching wall lights
Family/Sun Room| 4.8m x 4.7m Herringbone wood flooring, open plan archway to family/sun room & kitchen, chandelier light fitting, patio doors to patio area & garden
Kitchen/ Dining| 5.8m x 10.3m Wood effect Italian Porcelain Tiled flooring, feature island & breakfast bar with dropped down light fitting , granite worktops, Belfast sink, American style fridge freezer, 2 integrated ovens, microwave, ceramic hob, extractor fan, dishwasher, downlighters, open plan archway to family/sun room
Utility| 5.0m x 3.7m Wood effect Italian Porcelain Tiled flooring, washing machine, tumble dryer, built in kitchen units with integrated freezer, door to back yard & garden
WC| 1.5m x 2.4m Fully tiled, heated towel rail

Bedroom 1| 5.0m x 4.7m Wood flooring, built in mirrored sliding wardrobes
En Suite| 3.0m x 1.1m Fully Tiled, shower unit, heated towel rail, downlighters
Bedroom 2| 5.0m x 4.7m Wood flooring, built in mirrored sliding wardrobes
En Suite| 2.5m x 1.2m Fully Tiled, shower unit, heated towel rail, downlighters
Bedroom 3| 5.0m x 4.7m Wood flooring, built in mirrored sliding wardrobes
En Suite| 2.5m x 1.2m Fully Tiled, shower unit, heated towel rail, downlighters
Features: Virtual TourCandle Hill, Oberstown, Tara, Co. Meath, C15T6YC€895,0003 Bed4 Bath253 m²Bungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.583458,-6.540238
------------------------------
Address: KMS GalwayKeane Mahony SmithBallard, Barna, Co. Galway, H91P22T€1,250,0004 Bed4 Bath333 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-ballard-barna-co-galway/5818218
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:333 m²Keane Mahony Smith are delighted to offer this outstanding property to the market at Ballard, Barna. An exceptional residence standing on an elevated, yet secluded site with views of Galway Bay and the Hills of Clare to the south. The extensive accommodation comprises over 3,580sq.ft (332.6sq.m) with 4 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms on a site of 0.5 acres. 

The property is positioned just 50m from the main Barna Road with Barna Woods and Silverstrand beach just a moment’s stroll away. Despite its convenience to the main thoroughfares and attractions, the property maintains its privacy and exclusivity as it fronts onto the more rural Ballard road.

The property is bound by traditional stone walls and immaculate tall hedgerows with secure electric gated entrance and cobble-stone paved driveway leading to the façade of the residence. The gardens surrounding the house have been impressively landscaped with varying levels, attractive shrubbery, flower beds, seating areas and paving.

The residence comprises a split-level home of concrete construction with slate roof with a very impressive south-facing veranda stretching the length of the southerly and westerly aspect of the house, availing of the amazing views of the Atlantic Ocean.

A conservatory/sun-room runs along the length of the south-facing façade of the residence attracting an abundance of sunlight and providing a fabulous lounge area to enjoy the views and warmth of the sun. From here, the main lobby greets you with its grand features such as exposed timber roof beams and sunlight window. Off the lobby is the cosy reading room or home office with south-facing windows and solid-fuel stove. The main living room occupies the south-west wing of the home with large windows and patio doors to the veranda. This room also has an open fireplace and raised curve ceiling. 

The master bedroom is entered via a generous dressing room with patio doors to the veranda. The main bedroom also features double doors to an impressive integrated wardrobe space with a fully-tiled ensuite comprising a jet bath and large separate shower. There are 2 further double bedrooms at this level, one of which has ensuite with shower and WC. The main bathroom is fully tiled with stand-alone bath, separate shower, WC, WHB and bidet. 

The dining room is an impressive south-facing room with access from the sunroom and a grand open fireplace. The kitchen lies next to this room, with fully-fitted solid wood kitchen units, black granite worktop, Aga range, American fridge and large kitchen island unit. The kitchen also has access from the sunroom with a separate utility room also connected, providing an extension of the kitchen’s fitted units with sink and appliances. From the utility, one can access the double garage. The garage has been fully finished with tiled flooring and patio doors to the rear gardens.

This is a spectacular home, immaculately finished and beautifully presented. The exclusive, private site affords views of Galway Bay and is positioned on the edge of Barna village towards Salthill. Its spacious and adaptable accommodation would make for an idyllic family home.
We strongly recommend viewing of this property to fully appreciate its appeal.
Features: Ballard, Barna, Co. Galway, H91P22T€1,250,0004 Bed4 Bath333 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.257378,-9.134137
------------------------------
Address: Siobhain TuckeyDNG Wall TuckeyGreenanstown, Stamullen, Co. Meath, K32FX24Price on Application4 Bed2 Bath284 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-greenanstown-stamullen-co-meath/5793960
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:284 m²DNG Wall Tuckey are delighted to present this spacious detached four-bedroom house with attic conversion which includes 2 rooms and bathroom sitting on approximately a 1-acre site settled 13 km east of the M1 commuter belt. 

An originally 1800 cottage that was extended and modernised in 2014 this property extends to 284sqm approximately. This home offers many exceptional features including a fitted high gloss kitchen with integrated appliance, Stanley stove, granite worktops, centre island, electric gates, dual heigh garage and stables.  

With seamless views of the stunning countryside, the location offers an idyllic setting for family living with the added opportunity to place an individual stamp both internally and externally. Offering versatile accommodation with rooms of generous proportions this inviting and quirky home without doubt requires viewing.

Accommodation provided includes entrance hall, living room, kitchen/dining four double bedrooms, two family bathrooms, converted attic with two rooms and family bathroom. Outside is a double height garage and stables. 


This house can only be described as deceptive from the outside therefore viewing is highly recommended!


Entrance Hall 5.2m x 3.2m with wooden floor feature fireplace and double doors to sitting room.

Sitting room: 7.4m x 5.5m with wooden flooring and two French doors to outside

Kitchen: 8.7m x 6.3m with porcelain tiles, fitted high gloss kitchen, quartz work tops, Stanley range integrated appliances and two French doors to outside, 
Bedroom One: 2.2m x 5.3m with wooden flooring and built-in wardrobe 
Bedroom Two: 4.5m x 6.2m with wooden flooring, built in wardrobe and French door to outside

Bedroom Three: 3.3m x 5.1m with wooden flooring and built-in wardrobe
Bathroom: 1.6m x 3.8m fully tiled and heated towel rail 
Bedroom Four 4:3.8m x 5.1m with wooden flooring and built-in wardrobe
Guest WC: 2.6m x 1.1m tiled flooring 


Attic Conversion 

Room 1:  6.2m x 6.2m with wooden flooring, balcony with idyllic views 
Bathroom: 2.4m x 3.7m fully tiled, WC, WHB, shower unit and bath 

Room 2:  5.8m x 4.9m carpet flooring 


Viewing is highly recommended!
Features: Greenanstown, Stamullen, Co. Meath, K32FX24Price on Application4 Bed2 Bath284 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.618901,-6.325605
------------------------------
Address: Nigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersNigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersGrange, Granlahan , Ballinlough, Co. Roscommon, F45FP73€310,0004 Bed2 Bath172 m²BungalowViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-grange-ballinlough-ballinlough-co-roscommon/5815150
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:172 m²New to the Market 

Luxury 4 bedroom detached bungalow comes to the market on the outskirts of Granlahan village, the property is finished to showhouse condition throughout.
 
The property is situated on c.0.8 acres of mature gardens to front and rear with mature hedging and shrubbery surrounding the property. 

1mins drive to Granlahan, 5 mins drive to Ballinlough 10 mins drive to Ballyhaunis and 15 mins drive to Castlerea.

Early viewing advised to avoid disappointment.

Accommodation comprises 

Entrance hall 15.01 x 6.07 solid timber flooring, fitted coving as feature. 

Sitting room 17.01 x 15.01 bay window, fitted curtains, blinds, solid timber flooring, multi fuel solid fuel stove which heats water and rads, fitted cupboard and floating shelves, fitted coving & centre piece light as feature. 

Kitchen 17.05 x 10.10 fitted kitchen, tiled floor, tiled between units, centre piece light as feature. 

Dining room 16.06 x 10.10 tiled floor, bay window, fitted curtains, double french doors to covered patio area, centre piece light as feature. 

Utility 8.01 x 6.09 fitted units, tiled floor door to attic, pvc back door to garden. 

Inner hall 28.10 x 3.09 solid timber flooring, fitted coving as feature, hotpress 

Master bedroom 
15.03 x12.09 bay window,  fitted carpet, curtains, wardrobe and fitted coving as feature. 

Ensuite 8.06 x 4.02 fully tiled floor and walls, wc, vanity unit with mounted mirror over sink, double walkin electric shower fully tiled. 

Bedroom 2: 12.08 x 11.06 fitted carpet, curtains and blinds, fitted wardrobe. 

Bedroom 3: 12.08 x 10.07 fitted carpet, curtains and blinds. 

Bedroom 4: 12.02 x 10.10 fitted carpet, curtains and wardrobe. 

Main bathroom 
10.11 x 7.05 white suite, fully tiled floor and walls, mounted mirror over sink, double walkin power shower fully tiled. 

Outside: 

Block boundary wall to front with double entrance gates, tarmac drive, mature gardens, hedging and shrubbery surrounding the property to front sides and rear 
Small seated decking area and a seperate pergola seated area with decking. 
Post & Rail timber fencing surrounding the property.

Covered decking area off dining room. 

Workshop/storage 
40ft x 12ft
Turf shed 20ft x 10ft

Sand arena 40ftsq

3no small pony stables/storage area 

General: 

1 mins drive to Granlahan village, National School, church and vibrant community centre, 10 mins drive to Ballyhaunis, 5 mins to Ballinlough and 15 mins drive to Castlerea and 25 mins drive to Knock Airport. The property built in 2008.  

Duel fired central heating system installed which heats water and rads, mains water and septic tank, pvc double glazed windows and doors, master bedroom en-suite.

Back garden is Currently set-up as a paddock with stables and sand arena. 

Viewing comes highly recommended by the sole agent and strictly by appointment only. 

Contact Nigel Dineen Auctioneers Roscommon 

Everything we touch turns to SOLD
Features: VideoGrange, Granlahan , Ballinlough, Co. Roscommon, F45FP73€310,0004 Bed2 Bath172 m²Bungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.719703,-8.679427
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - Galway CityFair Deal Property Ltd -Galway20 ONLINE OFFERS8 Cl Aitinn, Clybaun Road, Keeraun, Co. Galway, H91E1RH€765,0004 Bed4 Bath242 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-8-c-l-aitinn-clybaun-road-knocknacarra-co-galway/5815703
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:242 m²Fair Deal Property Galway's Fastest Growing Estate Agency

Welcomes you to the prestigious Cúl Aitinn, an exclusive development of just 28 superior detached homes tucked away in a quite cul de sac just off the Clybaun Road.

Number 8 is a substantial family residence of style and purpose with an overall floor area of in excess of 2,600 square feet of beautifully laid out accommodation over three floors along with a large south facing garden.

On arrival you are greeted with a large cobblelock driveway with ample parking for several vehicles along with a most attractive brick façade which sets the tone for the quality of the accommodation that lies within.

The hallway is bright and spacious and finished in Marfil Marble flooring along with a solid oak stairwell which matches the solid oak doors, skirting and architrave.

The ground floor is heated by means of underfloor heating with radiators installed on the first and second floors.

To your right is the most impressive living room which is flooded in natural light from the front facing bay window and is finished in natural wood flooring and features a stunning white marble fire surround.

This room leads on through a set of double doors into the spacious dining room which in turn flows out on to the fully glazed conservatory which overlooks the enclosed south facing garden to the rear of the property which comes complete with a large patio area along with a block built shed.

The kitchen in bright and spacious and finished with solid wood units along with premium built-in appliances.

There is a further smaller living space located to the front of the property which could be put to a variety of uses.

A beautifully presented guest WC along with an ideal sized utility room completes the downstairs accommodation for this most impressive home.

On the mid floor there are four spacious double bedrooms and the master bedroom comes complete with an ensuite. 

A stylish and contemporary family bathroom completes the first floor accommodation.

The attic has also been completely converted and can be put a wide variety of uses and also afford a wonderful view of Galway Bay.

If you are looking for stunning family home located in a prized location that provides for the ideal blend of convenience and exclusivity then we suggest that you look no further than Number 8 Cúl Aitinn as it is certain to meet all of your wish list requirements.

If this sounds like you then we will be delighted to hear from you and to help you in any way that can.

Brought to You by Fair Deal Property
The Premium Estate Agency
Without the High Fees
Because You Deserve A Fair Deal.
Features: 8 Cl Aitinn, Clybaun Road, Keeraun, Co. Galway, H91E1RH€765,0004 Bed4 Bath242 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.273956,-9.110329
------------------------------
Address: Patricia StokesPatricia Stokes Auctioneers & ValuersRose Lodge, Blackrock Road, T12K3E5€2,500,0005 Bed5 Bath451 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-rose-lodge-blackrock-road-blackrock-co-cork/5804975
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:451 m²The story of Rose Lodge on the Blackrock Road is a tale of two halves. Starting its life in 1890 as a significant home it was bought by the current owner is 2018. They set about transforming the property working diligently in retaining the character and era of its origin while giving it a modern twist more in keeping with how families live today. It now presents as a five bedroomed detached family home extending to approx. 4,857 sq. ft. This home sits perfectly on its half-acre of mature gardens and offers a privacy seldom found in a home this well located close to all amenities and services. 
Rose Lodge is real old Cork, surrounded by stone walls, the property was completely stripped back to make way for its 21st century make over. Its original age and design gave a blueprint to follow when developing the new, it ensured that spacious rooms with tremendous floor to ceiling height could be the norm throughout. This home is something very special. The external has an attractiveness from all sides making it difficult to establish the front from the rear as both elevations are pleasing and have their own unique appeal. Given the extent of space surrounding the property it is constantly bathed in sunlight. 
The transformation of Rose Lodge carefully overseen by the owners came about by a combination of talents and experts to give what is an amazing finished product. Keeping things Irish and as much as possible local, the talents of Cork based John Butt Architect was engaged to explore and design the new layout. OBR carried out the construction with Brian O'Kennedys office kept a close eye on the engineering side. Roisin O'Brien interior designer choreographed the internal finishing touches while Ilsa Rutgers Cork based landscape designer took charge of extensive gardens and grounds. David Kiely kitchens established in Cork since 1978 was tasked with the bespoke fitted furniture to include Christoff kitchen with Lacanche range cooker as well as fitting the utility room, book cases, display cabinets and dressing rooms/robes. Sanitary ware was chosen to again compliment the room being fitted and range from Rocha to Laura Ashley and from Bayswater to Neptune to ensure an element of matching character. Miele appliances are the standard range throughout the kitchen. Mullan, Irish made bespoke lighting customised and tailored the lighting which allowed for the creative freedom to make this homes interior design truly unique. Subtle tones in paint colours from the Farrow and Ball range were used throughout the house. The attention to the smaller and finer details is what matters when creating and making a home like Rose Lodge special. Skirtings, mouldings and architrave were all sourced and chosen with care to make sure that they complimented the original age and extensive floor to ceiling heights as well as the spacious rooms. Any original element that could be used was used in this new home including the original front door as well as original fireplaces. 
The accommodation within extending to 4,857 sq. ft. now boasts a welcoming reception hall with sweeping staircase, an impressive dual aspect lounge of 500sq. ft. alone, an extensive room that takes care of no less than four functions of living, family and dining room as well as kitchen, a study, an adaptable reception room currently home to a fully kitted out gym complete with sauna and steam room, utility room and guest bathroom are all located at entry level. The first floor gives rise to the main bedroom suite located above the impressive lounge and takes up the same amount of space spread out over the bedroom, dressing room and en-suite. Two addition en-suite double bedrooms are located at this level with a relaxation space at landing. The second floor is home to two further double bedrooms supported by a full bathroom. This home boasts a B2 energy rating which could with ease move to an A if consideration was given to enclosing the two feature fireplaces with stoves. There is underfloor heating fitted throughout the entire ground floor footprint changing to radiators chosen from a range of traditional style in keeping with character at the upper levels. 
Adapting to the varying shapes of this home a series of new bespoke windows were designed to fit the spaces perfectly. Alu Clad were used and double height sash windows coupled with the newer form of glide and slide combine with fixed glazed panel where necessary to capture as much natural daylight throughout. This home is one that could be altered and changed with ease to change the flow and use of accommodation to match how the next family might live here. The main living space currently giving four functions is laid out as one expansive room and could be divided to give more rooms as each element has their own natural light. The gym room could become an independent space given its location within the property and the study offers a space for a myriad of functions. The owners of this home have enjoyed living in Rose Lodge just as it is and how they had planned it to be. 
This home is set well back from the road via private avenue along with electric gate access set between stone pillars. It is easy to lose yourself here and not know exactly where you are given the peace and tranquillity the grounds of this home give. 
It home sits perfectly positioned on its site of approx. 0.5 acres with wide open lawns beautifully manicured with two distinct areas. The front of the property is surrounded by planted spaces housing mature box hedge softening the approach. Strategically placed flowering beds are located directly adjacent to the house packed with Limelight Hydrangea specifically chosen as the lime green to cream white flower heads give bursts of changing colours. 
A sunken lawn to the front over two levels with wide steps and low walls framed by a bank of mature trees is encased against the backdrop of stone wall. The lower walls topped with limestone give a home to box hedge perimeter and encloses the space from the driveway. Discreet lighting illuminate. The property has a wide driveway with plenty of parking. 
On the southern side to the rear of the property a limestone patio runs directly outside the main living rooms. This patio is sun trapped, enclosed, private and perfectly sheltered with the backdrop of old stone walls enclosing it. The lawn on this side of the property is wide and well maintained ideal for family outdoor activities from trampoline bouncing to football playing and everything in between. The rear patio has low walls with built in lighting and offers ideal naturally formed seating spots. Again mature trees are perfectly placed throughout the garden. A cobble lock pathway leads to a side pedestrian gate. On the eastern side directly outside the gym is another extensive limestone patio enclosed by planted beds with Limelight Hydrangea giving privacy to this space. 
Viewing of this home is a must to appreciate all that it has to offer.


Accommodation : 

Reception Hall 7.89m x 2.27m 
Accessed via wide limestone flagstones this home invites with it sage green original front door with arched fanlight overhead. Moulded architrave with acorn return depicts the age of the original property. The reception hall is wide and welcoming and carries an extensive floor to ceiling height setting the tone and expectation of what is to come within this home. Finished with limestone tiles laid in a traditional pattern this reception is beautiful. The amount of natural light streaming in from the arched window at the half landing cannot be overstated. Extra high and wide skirting and architrave with panelled wall and discreet door to under stairs storage. The staircase is sweeping with wide steps and a beautiful curve as it rises to the first floor. It enjoys the same panelled treatment to that on the walls below. 

Lounge 10.02m x 5.60m 
Measuring 10 meters by 5 meters (over 500 sq. ft alone) this room is simply beautiful. Keeping the footprint of this room in its original form allowed the new owners to create something very special. The room is dual aspect looking out over the front and rear gardens. A beautiful curved wall encasing three extra-large sash windows look out over the front while two sister windows in the rear elevation give views of the rear garden. A feature fireplace of white marble original to the house sits proud at the centre finished with cast iron inset and black marble heart. The back wall now hosts an extensive bookcase cum display cabinet befitting a room like this. Fabrics and carpets are finished in neutral tones throughout the room all complimented by the bespoke panelling which sets this room apart. Cornicing and centre rose with central feature lights, wall light and display lights on the book case blend well to give a calming ambience. 

Kitchen/Dining/Living Area 15.15m x 8.91m 
The scale and extent of this room allows for four uses with ease. The extent of this space is hard to convey and many would have looked to divide the space into individual closed rooms . At design stage the owners wanted to make sure that all family functions could take place in the one place while at the same time giving each of those functions their own dedicated space. The entire room is finished with engineered oak flooring running in wide planks throughout and with underfloor heating makes this entire room cosy and relaxing. Window styles change and adapt to the different areas of the room from sash windows in the living room to fixed glazing in the family space, glide and slide glazing in the dining room and opening windows as hip height in the kitchen along with upper level glazing and fixed roof light. The room is predominantly south facing and enjoys dual aspect in the kitchen and dining room. 

Kitchen 
Handcrafted designed Christoff Kitchen by David Kiely kitchens. This kitchen is arranged in an open plan layout where one large area is created by having the kitchen flow into another living space. This designed layout is family friendly and ideal for entertaining. A Christoff Kitchen is instantly recognisable with its distinct two tone colours. The main kitchen is hand painted in elegant schoolhouse white while deep blue is used in the island and larder presses which creates a fabulous contrast. All are dressed with brass handles. The worktop throughout is Eternal glow by Silestone. Arranged around a spectacular island unit which acts as additional dining this in-frame kitchen offers a host of cupboards at lower and upper levels. The island has its own sink making prep work very easy. Presses vary from pull out larder to display cabinets and includes that all important coffee station. The showstopper in this kitchen is the Lacanche Range "a serious cooker for a serious cook". This range has all the bells and whistles finished in deep navy with brass dressing to complement the kitchen. It is inset with built in extractor overhead and side cupboards to encase it. A second sink with Quooker tap takes up position beneath gable windows looking out over the gardens to the front. Appliances within the kitchen are integrated and from the Miele range to include fridge, freezer microwave, dishwasher and of course a wine cooler. 

Dining Room 
Located just off the open plan kitchen the dining room sits inside a wall of glide and slide glazing which open out onto the rear limestone patio and gardens beyond. A fixed rooflight sits above the dining table. The back wall is tastefully fitted with a David Kiely bespoke dresser finished in schoolhouse white to match the kitchen and has glazing at the upper level, fitted with lights. An ideal spot to store that special crockery and glasses for entertaining. 

Family Room 
The family room is arranged around a built in fireplace with gas fire fitted. This cosy family room connects the dining and kitchen areas and enjoys extensive fixed glazing complete with deep set window seat all encased in limed oak detail looking out over the rear gardens and patio. 

Living Room 
Located as you enter from the entrance hall the living room can be arranged so that it turns its back on the rest of the room making a more independent space. A bank of sash windows looks out over the rear gardens. The back wall is fitted head to toe with a designed unit finished in cream tones with a limed oak counter top blending it with the rest of this room. It takes care of storage as well as home to the wall mounted TV. 

Study 5.73m x 4.40m 
With a floor to ceiling height of 11 ft. and accessed off the reception hall this study is a peaceful room set away from the main activities of the home. This room offers a host of uses from teenage den to home office or additional reception room depending on needs. This room is beautifully panelled and has a bespoke unit fitted against the back wall. This unit has storage facilities as well as open shelving and has a smart TV fitted which can double up for conference calls should the need arise. Lights within the fitted unit, central light, picture lights all blend to make for a very calming room. Natural light floods from the two extra-large windows looking out over the front garden. Finished with cornicing and centre rose and decorated in neutral tones. A feature fireplace original to the home is fitted and after much work restoring it to its former glory after years of paint work it sits proudly in speckled black and white marble with cast iron inset and black marble heart. 

Utility Room 3.37m x 3.35m 
This Utility room is very practical and provides extra space and storage in this home for bigger appliances which helps to keep the kitchen clutter and noise free. Stepped shaker style and painted in the colour skimming stone. A matching cloaks with baskets beneath take care of shoes and coats. Plenty of black marble counter top space set back to allow laundry to hang overhead. Sink unit fitted with washing machine and tumble dryer set beneath. Fully tiled floor, a number of double tall presses accommodates all the usual needed in a utility room. Fully glazed door to rear garden flooding this utility with natural light. 

Guest Bathroom 2.08m x 1.48m 
This bathroom is a full wet room and is decorated in appealing tones of grey and white. The three piece suite is white in colour with black attachments. Walk in shower complete with fixed Raindance shower head and moveable showerhead attachment. Wall hung WC with Roca oval sink set within a bespoke vanity unit with vanity mirror over. Fully tiled in two tones. 

Gym/Exercise Room 8.02m x 4.30m 
The gym room is this home is again extensive in size and is arranged in such a way that its function could alter with ease. The same attention to detail was put into the finishing of this room to ensure it could withstand heavy bench pressing yet soft enough that it could change to a comfortable living space if required. This room enjoys a host of glazing leading out onto a limestone patio directly outside on the eastern elevation. It could make for a beautiful relaxing morning room. Fitted with herringbone hardwood floor the room has a vaulted ceiling height with exposed beams and lighting plan on tracks. 

Sauna 
Discreetly set to the back of the gym is a sauna and steam room sitting side by side. Both rooms are from the Swedish brand of Tyle Helo and take care of tired muscles after a heavy workout. 

Stairs and Landing 
A sweeping staircase with and easy step bring you to the upper levels of this home. The staircase is made to sit perfectly in its place and gives a feature to both the reception hall at lower level and the landing above. Passing an extra high gable window at the mid-way point the staircase and landing is flooded with natural light. The curved banister of mahogany sits on top of wrought iron spindles. The landing of this home is a space all of its own and enjoys a sister gable window on the opposite side again bringing lots of natural light. A recess inside this window offers a perfect relaxation space. Staircase to upper level finished with teak thread. Remote access Velux overhead for easy ventilation and maximum light.

Main Bedroom Suite 
Taking up the exact footprint of the lounge below it this suite offers all that a person could need. Giving three specific rooms to include dressing room, bathroom and the bedroom itself. 

Main Bedroom 6.05m x 5.58m 
The bedroom is arranged with a sister curved wall to that in the lounge sporting three extensive sash windows. The room is finished with pleasing interior design colours, is carpeted for comfort and offers plenty of relaxation private quiet space inside the windows looking out over the gardens. Cornicing and centre light in keeping with the character of this home.

Dressing Room 4.25m x 3.06m 
Fitted from top to toe and wall to wall is a beautiful dressing room. Keeping the theme of David Kiely fitted units this room is extensive and caters for every storage need. Mirrored robes are used in spaces to punch the light around the room from the gable window. Shoe racks, pull down rails, open shelving, drawer units and long hanging spaces combine to give the best this room can offer. A clever vanity mirror is tucked away with vanity mirror over. 

En-suite 
The en-suite of Rose Lodge is a tremendous size and is fully fitted with four piece bathroom suite. A free standing scroll top bath tub sits beneath the gable window and gives beautiful relaxing views out over the gardens. A walk in double shower arranged in wet room standard takes up position with a change in tile stile to mark the transition. The walk in shower is enclosed with fixed glazing and has both fixed raindance shower head as well as lower shower attachment. A bespoke vanity unit by Neptune range sits beneath a matching vanity mirror with lights either side. The vanity offers double sinks set into marble top with heritage taps and storage beneath. A pedestal Bayswater WC completes the suite here. Heated towel rail coupled with traditional radiator. This room is softened with the use of wood panelling painted white to dado height and sandstone paint colour overhead. The floor is tiled in large white porcelain non slip tiles bringing the entire room together. 

Bedroom 2 5.65m x 4.39m 
Located looking out over the front garden this is a lovey spacious room. It enjoys wall to wall fitted robes offering a host of storage space. The room has two windows maximising the natural light and allows easy accommodation of a super king bed as well as study/vanity area. 

En-suite 4.12m x 2.78m 
The en-suite to bedroom 2 is particularly bright and finished with three piece white bathroom suite. A walk in shower with fixed glazing couples with wall hung WC and a bespoke vanity unit. The vanity gives a punch of colour to the room and offers storage with cupboards and drawers beneath. A selection of complementing tiling takes up position from full height to dado height and fully tiled floor all in neutral appealing tones and blends well with the paintwork. Heated towel rail 

Bedroom 3 5.65m x 4.23m 
Another lovely spacious bedroom this time looking out over the rear gardens. Arranged with wall to wall robes giving tremendous storage. This bedroom given is southern position is not afraid to use punch out tones in its colour scheme on a feature wall which blends with the soft furnishing of carpets and cornicing to give a lovely room.

En-suite 4.12m x 2.78m 
Similar to that at bedroom 2 the en-suite of this room is bright with lots of natural light and finished with three piece white bathroom suite. A walk in shower with fixed glazing couples with wall hung WC and a bespoke vanity unit. The vanity gives a punch of colour to the room and offers storage with cupboards and drawers beneath. A selection of complementing tiling takes up position from full height to dado height and fully tiled floor all in neutral appealing tones and blends well with the paintwork. Heated towel rail 

Bedroom 4 6.34m x 3.60m 
Located at second floor level this bedroom is a teenagers dream away from the rest of the home. A fine double room finished in bold tones this bedroom gives a host of storage within fitted robes. A sky window couples with a gable window to bounce natural light through. Additional storage in the eves.

Bedroom 5 5.78m x 3.60m 
Similar to that of Bedroom 4 this bedroom is located at second floor level and could be a bedroom or an independent teenagers living space away from the rest of the home. A fine double room finished in bold tones this bedroom gives a host of storage within fitted robes. A sky window couples with a gable window to bounce natural light through. Additional storage in the eves. 

Bathroom 2.12m x 1.31m 
This bathroom acts as a Jack & Jill arrangement on the top floor landing to service both bedrooms 4 and 5. Fitted with three piece white shower suite the bathroom is wonderfully bright with the use of a large Velux window. Fully tiled in pleasing tones 

Store House 
Located adjacent to the gym and accessed from the patio/garden outside this storage shed caters for all outdoor and garden storage needs.

Outside : This home sits perfectly on its site of approx. 0.5 acres with wide open lawns perfectly manicured with two distinct areas. The front of the property is surrounded by planted spaces housing mature box hedge softening the approach. Strategically placed flowering beds are located directly adjacent to the house packed with Limelight Hydrangea specifically chosen as the lime green changing to cream white flower heads give bursts of changing colours. A sunken lawn over two levels to the front with wide steps and low walls framed by a bank of mature trees all encased against the backdrop of a stone wall. The lower walls topped with limestone give a home to box hedge perimeter and encloses the space from the driveway. Discreet lighting illuminate. The property has a wide driveway with plenty of parking. 
On the southern side to the rear of the property a limestone patio runs directly outside the main living rooms. This patio is sun trapped, enclosed, private and perfectly sheltered with the backdrop of old stone walls enclosing it. The lawn on this side of the property is wide and well maintained ideal for family outdoor activities from trampoline bouncing to football playing and everything in between. This patio has low walls with built in lighting and offers ideal naturally formed seating spots. Mature trees to include a beautiful apple tree full of fruit and silver birch are perfectly placed throughout the garden. A cobble lock pathway leads to a side pedestrian gate. Planted flowering beds are located directly adjacent to the house offering a host of plants with changing colours throughout the season. A beautiful Acer is set on its own within one of these beds to keep a level of interest. On the eastern side directly outside the gym is another extensive limestone patio enclosed by planted beds with Limelight Hydrangea giving privacy to this space.
Features: VideoRose Lodge, Blackrock Road, T12K3E5€2,500,0005 Bed5 Bath451 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.896569,-8.427449
------------------------------
Address: Barry FinneganHaines29 Bow Lane West, Dublin 8, Kilmainham, Dublin 8, D08V44T€1,200,0000.09 acSiteADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/property-29-bow-lane-west-dublin-8-kilmainham-co-dublin/5812897
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:0.09 acA fantastic redevelopment opportunity in the heart of Dublin 8, 29 Bow Lane West is offered for sale with the benefit of Full Planning Permission for 13 apartments arranged over five storeys. 

The proposed accommodation comprises 9 No. One Bedroom apartments, 3 No. Two Bedroom apartments and 1 No. 3 Bedroom penthouse together with resident & guest bicycle storage and a further caretaker store. 

The architects have a carefully designed the apartments to maximize natural light and a sense of space. 

The building on site at present will not be retained as part of the redevelopment.

For further information please call Barry  Finnegan - 0872722222

The floor plans and further documents can be viewed at www.29bowlanewest.com
Features: 29 Bow Lane West, Dublin 8, Kilmainham, Dublin 8, D08V44T€1,200,0000.09 acSite
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.343128,-6.293047
------------------------------
Address: Pat Callanan Property Sales LtdPat Callanan Property Sales Ltd.Kiltullagh, Athenry, Kiltullagh, Co. Galway, H65N273€420,0004 Bed4 Bath226 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-kiltullagh-athenry-kiltullagh-co-galway/5812872
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:226 m²Stunning 4-Bedroom Dormer Bungalow in Kiltullagh, Athenry, Co. Galway

Pat Callanan Property Sales Ltd. is thrilled to bring this beautiful four-bedroom dormer-style bungalow to the market, available for sale by private treaty. Located in Kiltullagh, Athenry, Co. Galway (H65N273), this property sits on a mature 0.5-acre site featuring well-maintained lawns both front and back.

The home showcases a charming partial limestone façade and includes a detached garage with a roller door and side access. Inside, the spacious accommodation includes:

Entrance Hall: Featuring a polished tiled floor.
Living Room: With a striking double-height ceiling.
Kitchen/Dining Room: Perfect for family gatherings.
Utility Room & Downstairs W.C.: Practical and convenient.
Two Ground Floor Bedrooms: Both with ensuite bathrooms.
Solid Oak Staircase: Leading to a feature balcony overlooking the living room.
Upstairs:
Master bedroom with ensuite and walk-in wardrobe.
Main bathroom with a standalone cast iron bath.
An additional bedroom.
A spacious office or extra bedroom.
The property benefits from gas-fired central heating and a cozy solid fuel stove in the living room. Additional storage is available with Stirra access to the attic.

This is a truly beautiful property, and viewing is highly recommended. For more information or to arrange a viewing, please contact Pat Callanan Property Sales Ltd. at 091-844818 or via email.

ACCOMMODATION

Entrance Hall
1.67m x 3.56m  (5.48ft x 11.68ft)
Polished tile to floor, solid Oak timber staircase

Hallway
3.47m x 4.40m  (11.38ft x 14.44ft)
Polished tile to floor 

Living Room
4.46m x 5.69m  (14.63ft x 18.67ft)
Walnut timber to floor, solid fuel insert stove

Kitchen
4.24m x 3.92m  (13.91ft x 12.86ft)
Tiles to floor, fitted kitchen units, Rangemaster 

Dining Area
4.24m x 4.49m  (13.91ft x 14.73ft)
Tiles to floor, patio door access to garden

Utility Room
3.02m x 3.23m  (9.91ft x 10.60ft)
Tiles to floor, fitted units, rear door access to garden

Downstairs WC
1.37m x 2.05m  (4.49ft x 6.73ft)
Tiled to floor, wheelchair accessible 

Bedroom 1
3.82m x 3.22m  (12.53ft x 10.56ft)
Painted finish to  floor, fitted wardrobes with writing desk, ensuite

En-Suite 1
2.04m x 2.03m  (6.69ft x 6.66ft)
Tiles to floor, partial tiles to wall, shower operated from the heating system

Bedroom 2
4.18m x 2.95m  (13.71ft x 9.68ft)
Fitted wardrobe, timber to floor, ensuite

En-Suite 2
2.03m x 2.03m  (6.66ft x 6.66ft)
Tiles to floor, partial tiles to wall, shower operated from the heating system

Hallway
8.13m x 1.77m  (26.67ft x 5.81ft)
Timber laminate to floor, balcony overlooking living room

Main Bedroom
4.24m x 5.15m  (13.91ft x 16.90ft)
Timber laminate to floor, ensuite, walk in wardrobe

En-Suite 3
2.40m x 2.03m  (7.87ft x 6.66ft)
Tiled to floor, partial tile to wall, shower operated from the heating system

Walk in Wardrobe
1.74m x 2.03m  (5.71ft x 6.66ft)
walk in closet 

Hotpress
1.40m x 2.51m  (4.59ft x 8.23ft)
Large water cylinder

Bedroom 4
3.82m x 4.65m  (12.53ft x 15.26ft)
Timber laminate to floor, fitted wardrobes

Bathroom
4.43m x 2.51m  (14.53ft x 8.23ft)
Tiled floor to ceiling, stand alone cast iron bath, corner shower operated from heating system

Office/Bedroom
4.49m x 3.36m  (14.73ft x 11.02ft)
Carpet to floor, currently used as an office
Features: Kiltullagh, Athenry, Kiltullagh, Co. Galway, H65N273€420,0004 Bed4 Bath226 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.269901,-8.625119
------------------------------
Address: Margaret FogartyRE/MAX Property SpecialistsInnisfree, Corbally More, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91F88K€1,195,0004 Bed3 BathDetachedStunning ViewsADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-innisfree-corbally-more-dunmore-east-co-waterford/5812225
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyIndulge in the ultimate luxury coastal lifestyle with this exceptional 4-bedroom detached home that redefines elegance and sophistication. 
Innisfree is a striking yet timeless Huff-design home localised by South African Architect Kobus Rensburg in 2003.

Positioned on an elevated site, this residence offers stunning panoramic views of Saleen Beach, the back-strand tidal lagoon, and Tramore Bay's glistening waters. The Comeragh Mountains, Tramore Town, and the Metal Man serve as stunning backdrops. 

The view offers a daily spectacle of an ever-changing landscape of natural beauty that will not fail to impress. Saleen Beach is part of the Copper Coast, a UNESCO Global Geopark, and the area is designated as a special area of conservation.

Inside, the home's open-plan design exudes a sense of spaciousness and modernity, with every detail thoughtfully considered to enhance both aesthetics and functionality. A terrace along the south-westerly aspect of the home creates a seamless transition between indoor and outdoor living, allowing effortless enjoyment of the breathtaking views.

The high-gloss kitchen is a cook’s dream, featuring top-of-the-range Miele appliances and a Corian worktop. The centrepiece is a stylish island unit, perfect for entertaining or enjoying casual meals with family. A multifuel stove in the lounge area makes for cosy winter nights.

The primary bedroom suite exemplifies the luxury expected in a home of this calibre, offering extensive storage and a luxurious spa-like bathroom. Three additional bedrooms, one with its own ensuite, along with a well-appointed family bathroom, ensure ample accommodation for family members and guests alike.

Additionally, the converted attic space offers an excellent storage solution, maximising the home's functionality while keeping everything organised and easily accessible. 

Step into the meticulously landscaped grounds surrounding the property, where manicured gardens create a peaceful retreat for relaxation and outdoor enjoyment. The detached garage is a versatile space, whether you envision it as a private gym to pursue your fitness goals, a home office for productive workdays, or a serene home studio for creative pursuits.  The sandstone garden patio area maximises the views for summer sundowners.

The property's top-tier A3 energy rating ensures a luxurious living environment and a commitment to sustainability and efficiency, providing a home that is as environmentally conscious as it is stylish. 

Underfloor heating throughout the home is powered by multiple energy-efficient systems, including a geothermal heat pump backed up by a new energy-efficient Firebird oil burner. Efficiency is further enhanced by a recently installed battery-ready 18-panel solar system.  

Located just minutes away from the vibrant Dunmore East, Tramore, and Waterford City communities, residents have easy access to many amenities, dining options, and recreational activities. Whether you seek a tranquil coastal escape or a bustling urban adventure, this property offers the best of both worlds.

Don't miss the chance to make this stunning residence your own.  This home combines modern living with sophisticated style, a sanctuary of luxury living where every detail has been crafted to perfection. Arrange a viewing today.

These particulars do not constitute an offer or contract, and whilst every effort has been made in preparing all descriptions, dimensions, maps, and plans, these details should not be relied upon as fact. Dimensions / Illustrations are for guideline purposes only and not to scale. RE/MAX Property Specialists - Team fogarty will not hold itself responsible for any inaccuracies contained therein
Features: VideoVirtual TourInnisfree, Corbally More, Dunmore East, Co. Waterford, X91F88K€1,195,0004 Bed3 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.149866,-7.076915
------------------------------
Address: Sales - Delaney EstatesDelaney EstatesApartment 49, Burnell Court, D17E045€230,0001 Bed1 Bath43 m²ApartmentOpen from Oct 19thViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/apartment-apartment-49-burnell-court/5811759
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:43 m²Delaney Estates are delighted to present this wonderful 3rd floor, one bedroom apartment to the market.

Situated in the highly sought after Burnell Square Complex at Northern Cross. Quietly set at the end corridor on the third floor of this residential development and is found in excellent order throughout. This property is a first-time buyers dream or purchasers looking to downsize alike.

No 49, a purpose built one bedroom apartment enjoys an abundance of light and warmth throughout. The accommodation extends to 43sqm (462.84sq ft) and comprises of an L-shaped entrance hall with storage, a double bedroom with built in wardrobes, a fully tiled bathroom, and an open plan kitchen/living dining room with access to a good-sized sunny west facing balcony overlooking the secure communal gardens. 

Burnell Court is accessed via the adjacent door to the entrance of Meadows and Byrne at Northern Cross and host to a large variety of local shops and boutique restaurants. Clarehall S.C. and Donaghmede S.C. are close by, and the area is also well serviced by a choice of bus & rail routes and is convenient to the M50, M1, Dublin City and Dublin Airport. The charming villages of Portmarnock, Malahide and Howth area also in good proximity. 

Viewing is highly recommended of this lovely property.

Accommodation:

Entrance hall overall c.6.87sqm 
L-shaped entrance hall with storage and hot press. 

Kitchen /Dining / Living room overall c.20.03sqm
Open plan kitchen/dining/living room with hard wood floor, high gloss kitchen, with integrated oven, hob and extractor fan. Open plan layout with access to the balcony

Master bedroom c.3.34m x 3.22m 
Double bedroom with fitted wardrobes 

Bathroom c. 2.33m x c.2.24m 
Fully tiled bathroom with bath, WC, wash hand basin, mirror and extractor fan

Balcony c.3.39m x 1.39m 
Decking 



Accommodation

 Note: 
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only. Property Reference :AltO679
Features: VideoVirtual TourApartment 49, Burnell Court, D17E045€230,0001 Bed1 Bath43 m²Apartment
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.404791,-6.179043
------------------------------
Address: Jeffrey Brophy MSc. MIPAV PSRA No. 003455-004872Brophy Cusack4 Marian Avenue, Cregg Road, Carrick-on-Suir, Co. Tipperary, E32KC57€180,0002 Bed1 BathTerraceADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/terraced-house-4-marian-avenue-carrick-on-suir-co-tipperary/5810816
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyIntroducing Number 4 Marian Avenue an attractive terraced property located on the popular Cregg Road, Carrick on Suir. Number 4 is presented to the market in great condition and has recently been repainted and redecorated. This residence enjoys gas fired central heating and double glazed pvc windows. Externally the property has a low maintenance front garden and large rear yard with a utity outbuilding and vehicle entrance. Internally the property comprises of a front porch, hallway, kitchen, dining room, living room, 2 bedrooms and a bathroom. 

Number 4 enjoys a prime location in Carrick on Suir as it is adjacent from the train station with regular services to Waterford & Limerick. The town park and bus stop are also in close proximity. Carrick on Suirs Town Centre is just a 5 minute walk from the property where there is a host of local amenities including shops, bars & restaurants.  

For further details or to arrange a viewing, please contact Brophy Cusack at 051 511333. Don't miss out on this fantastic opportunity to own a beautifully maintained property in the heart of Carrick-on-Suir!
Features: Video4 Marian Avenue, Cregg Road, Carrick-on-Suir, Co. Tipperary, E32KC57€180,0002 Bed1 BathTerrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.349449,-7.407277
------------------------------
Address: Pat DooleyREA Dooley Group57 Monaleen Park, Monaleen, Co. Limerick, V94FXE8€495,0004 Bed3 BathDetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-57-monaleen-park-monaleen-co-limerick/5809127
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyDon`t miss out on this fantastic opportunity to acquire this superb detached family home prominently located in the much sought after area of Monaleen close to an array of essential amenities. Property benefits from modern decor throughout, oil fired central heating, approached by a large tarmac drive, surrounded by mature trees & shrubbery, enclosed private rear landscaped garden with paving & patio area, Pergola and block built outbuildings.

Accommodation comprises of entrance hall, sitting room, living room, kitchen/dining room, WC, 4 bedrooms (one ensuite) and main bathroom. Utility area located in outbuilding to rear of property as well as a workshop.

Monaleen Park is situated just off Old School House Road and is a very short distance from Castletroy College Secondary School, Monaleen National School, Milford National School & to the University Of Limerick, Castletroy Shopping Centre, award winning Bars & Restaurants, Plassey Technological Park, Castletroy Neighbourhood Park & Playground is only a short stroll away, Castletroy Golf Club, Monaleen GAA Club, and an array of other top class sporting facilities including Aisling Annacotty FC & UL Bohs RFC.

The immediate area boasts an excellent walking and cycling greenway and within easy access of the M7 Motorway and all other major routes. There is also a bus service within 230 meters of this property running every half hour.

Viewing is highly recommended!!

Disclaimer: Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only.


Entrance Hall - 5'11" (1.8m) x 19'8" (5.99m)
Timber floor

Sitting Room - 12'9" (3.89m) x 14'1" (4.29m)
Marble surround fireplace with inset, Timber floor, French doors to kitchen/dining room

Living Room - 8'6" (2.59m) x 17'1" (5.21m)
Feature open fireplace, T.V. Point, Timber floor

Kitchen/Dining Room - 27'11" (8.51m) x 10'10" (3.3m)
Fitted kitchen, Centre island, Tiled splash back, Timber floor, Patio doors to rear

WC - 5'7" (1.7m) x 2'11" (0.89m)
WC, WHB, Tiled floor, Part tiled wall

Bedroom 1 (Master) - 13'8" (4.17m) x 12'10" (3.91m)
Built in wardrobe, T.V. Point, Ensuite

Ensuite - 5'7" (1.7m) x 5'7" (1.7m)
WC, WHB, Shower, Tiled floor, Part tiled floor

Bedroom 2 - 11'4" (3.45m) x 13'1" (3.99m)

Bedroom 3 - 15'5" (4.7m) x 8'6" (2.59m)

Bedroom 4 - 10'6" (3.2m) x 8'10" (2.69m)

Main Bathroom - 7'3" (2.21m) x 6'11" (2.11m)
WC, WHB, Bath, Tiled floor, Timber panelling

Outbuilding with utility - 13'1" (3.99m) x 11'6" (3.51m)
Tiled floor,Fitted units, Plumbed for washer/dryer

Workshop - 13'1" (3.99m) x 6'7" (2.01m)



Notice
Please note we have not tested any apparatus, fixtures, fittings, or services. Interested parties must undertake their own investigation into the working order of these items. All measurements are approximate and photographs provided for guidance only.
Features: Video57 Monaleen Park, Monaleen, Co. Limerick, V94FXE8€495,0004 Bed3 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.6557855,-8.5516293
------------------------------
Address: Nigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersNigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersMain St, Knock, Co. MayoPrice on Application5.6 acSiteViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/site-main-st-knock-co-mayo/5802977
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:5.6 acOutstanding Development Site
Sold subject to planning 
Located in the centre of Knock village offering road frontage and three separate entrances/exits with plans for a Hotel and complex.
Close to N17 road network and Ireland West Airport within 15 km and Connaught GAA Centre of Excellence only 5km away and only walking distance to Knock Shrine.
The Site:
Ideal level development ground, fully serviced with water and sewage, footpaths and street lighting.
It proposes:
40 bedroom hotel, leisure centre, pool and spa, fitness centre, function room, bars and lounges, retail shops, restaurant, five blocks of two storey residential units, public area, parking, green areas, coach parking, etc.
Inspection and particulars strictly by appointment only. No further information will be released except at pre-arranged meetings/viewing.
Contact:  Martin Finn Auctioneers Claremorris on 094 9362216 
Everything we touch turns SOLD
Features: Main St, Knock, Co. MayoPrice on Application5.6 acSite
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.79460472359341,-8.917800937151497
------------------------------
Address: Lawrence SweeneySavills CorkCareystown, Whitegate, Co. Cork, P25TR94€600,0004 Bed4 Bath275 m²DetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-careystown-whitegate-co-cork/5777216
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:275 m²Fantastic 4/5 Bedroom Detached Home on c. 2 Acres

Savills is delighted to present Careystown, Whitegate, a beautifully presented four/five bed detached house that exudes charm and character. 

Originally built in the late 1800s, this exquisite property was substantially extended about 20 years ago, blending historical elegance with modern comfort. 

Situated on approximately 2 acres of gardens, the property features automated gates and a long tree-lined driveway leading up to the house, ensuring privacy and a grand entrance.

The accommodation on the ground floor includes a large entrance hall that welcomes you into the home. The sitting room, dining room, and living room provide ample space for relaxation and entertainment, while the kitchen/dining room is perfect for family gatherings. A sunroom offers a bright and airy space to enjoy the views of the lovely landscaped garden. Additionally, there is an office/bedroom five, a utility room and bathroom on this level, catering to all your practical needs.

Upstairs, you will find three double bedrooms, with one featuring an en-suite bathroom and two bedrooms sharing another en-suite, providing comfort and convenience for family members and guests alike. A main bathroom, beautifully decorated, completes the first-floor accommodation. The house is generously proportioned, offering plenty of space for a growing family.

The exterior of Careystown is equally impressive. The landscaped garden boasts a selection of mature trees and shrubs, a picturesque fish pond, and a sunny patio area just off the sunroom, perfect for outdoor dining and relaxation. To the rear of the house is a large yard with an array of fantastic old farm buildings, offering endless possibilities for future renovation into additional dwellings, home offices, studios, or workshops (subject to planning).

The property is ideally located on the edge of Whitegate Village, just 1.1km away, providing all essential amenities, including a primary school, shops, sports clubs, and more. A bus stop only 1.3km from the house offers regular services to the village, making commuting and travel convenient. Additionally, the property is only 12km from Midleton Town and 29km from Cork City, ensuring easy access to a wider range of services and attractions.

Careystown is equipped with OFCH, an alarm system, and CCTV, ensuring security and peace of mind. This house, rich in history and located in a peaceful, private setting, is the perfect family home. Don' t miss the opportunity to own this exceptional property. Contact Savills today to arrange a viewing and experience the unique charm of Careystown, Whitegate.

Approximate Distances 
Whitegate Village 1.1km
Bus Stop 1.3m 
Midleton 12km
Cork City Centre 29km
CUH 39km
Cork International Airport 39km
UCC 41km
Features: VideoCareystown, Whitegate, Co. Cork, P25TR94€600,0004 Bed4 Bath275 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.833989,-8.219216
------------------------------
Address: Gerard FarrellyMcPeake AuctioneersThe Grange  , Drumollard, Virginia, Co. Cavan€1,600,0005 Bed5 Bath837 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-the-grange-drummallaght-virginia-co-cavan/5652113
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:837 m²Dating from 1890. A truly delightful Victorian Period Home on 6.5 acres of magnificent landscaped grounds and parkland with lake frontage.
The present owners carried out the total restoration of the property over a 2 year period in 1999 /2000. Meticulous care was taken to preserve the period character which involved stripping the building right back and virtually rebuilding with concrete floors throughout,reroofing,plumbing,heating and double glazing. 2 additional reception rooms were added. Former outbuildings restored including  the coach house in to a 2 bedroom 2 bathroom mews and the summerhouse.






Accommodation 
The main house measures 590 m2 approximately, laid out over two floors and a return, with five principal reception rooms and five bedrooms. An impressive portico frames the main entrance into an elegant and imposing and welcoming grand reception hall.
Reception Hall 7.37 x 6.94 m with gas fire inset. Alcove with window seat and guest w.c. Drawing room 7.10 x 5.05 m. with bay window open fireplace and French Door to garden. Dining room 4.71 x 4.08 with bay window open fireplace. Kitchen Breakfast Living room 11.81 x 4.8 m. with Bespoke John Daly Kitchen.4 oven Aga and 2 ring hob. Built in Neff appliances and waste disposal unit and Liscannor stone floor. Hamptons Conservatory 4.47 X 3.16 m. with French door to garden. Rear hallway. Boot room 2.56 x 2.27 m. Utility room 3.60 x 2.52 m. Recreation room 6.65 x 5.21 m with stove and stairs to study. Family room 6.86 x 5.21 m. with floor to ceiling brick fireplace and solid fuel stove complimented by rustic timber ceiling beams and solid wood floor. Ballroom / Swimming Pool 17.00 x 9.30 with dressing room w.c. gallery and plant room.  Original winding staircase. Landing return with full height fan window.  First floor landing and corridor 5.617 x 1.24 m. Master Suite – Inner corridor 3.08 x 1.21 m. with storage. Spacious bright Master Bedroom 7.11 x 6.06 m. with Juliet Balcony. Bathroom 4.13 x 3.00 m. with twin pedestal wash basins, bath, shower and w.c. Bedroom 2. 4.69 x 4.03 m. with dual aspect. Bedroom 3. 4.97 x 2.73 m. overlooking the front grounds. Jack and Jill Bathroom 2.73 x 2.26 m. with shower, wash basin and w.c. Return. Corridor 6.214 x 3.764 m. Linen cupboard. Bedroom 4. 4.46 x 4.00 with rear aspect. Bathroom 3.00 x 2.55 m. with shower, wash basin and w.c. Bedroom 5. 4.24 x 4.18 m. with rear aspect and interconnecting door to study 4.16 x 3.45 m.
Courtyard: 
Mews – Hall. Livingroom 6.59 x 4.70 m. with solid fuel stove and rustic ceiling beams. Kitchen 3.37 x 2.76 m. opening to Dining room 4.71 x 3.71 m. Shower room with w.c 2 Upper floor rooms 4.56 x 2.61 m.  and 4.1 x 4.00 m. Shower room and w.c. 3 Bay Car Port 10.34 x 6.22 m. Gymnasium 10.33 x 5.58.
Tennis Court.
Summerhouse 9.4 x 3.5 with snug bar and south facing sun terrace.
Outer Yard – Stone outbuildings 12.8 x 3.8 m.

Directions 
The property is discreetly tucked away off the Dublin / Cavan / Donegal Road between Virginia 6 km. and Cavan 23 km. A 50-minute drive to J6 M50 and 60 minutes to Dublin Airport. Hourly Dublin Bus Eireann service passes the gate. Airport Express service stop at Virginia.
A wide choice of primary and post primary schools in the area and environs with a considerable range of shopping facilities and social amenities within easy proximity. Numerous leisure and sport pursuits at the doorstep.
Hunting with the Ballymacad’s. Golf in Virginia, Slieve Russell and Headfort.
Rugby and numerous other field sport options close by in Virginia and Cavan. Forest Walks at Virginia Lake and Killykeen Forest Park. Cuilcagh Mountain walks. In the county of the lakes, you can fish to your hearts content.
Or perhaps just stay at home and enjoy the swimming pool, tennis, gymnasium or a leisurely boat trip and picnic on the lake!
Features: VideoThe Grange  , Drumollard, Virginia, Co. Cavan€1,600,0005 Bed5 Bath837 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.8344096,-7.0813222
------------------------------
Address: J.P. & M. DoyleJ. P. & M. Doyle - BlessingtonSubstantial Residence on c. 15 Acres 6.07 HA., Athdown, Blessington, Manor Kilbride, Co. Wicklow, W91YY56€695,0004 Bed4 Bath263 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-substantial-residence-on-c-1-7-acres-0-68-ha-athdown-blessington-manor-kilbride-co-wicklow/5796955
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:263 m²The property is approached by a winding driveway through an attractive granite gateway, with wrought iron gates, set amidst landscaped gardens, this beautiful residence extending to a very generous c. 263 Square Metres. The property is well positioned and commands exceptional views of the River Liffey, surrounding countryside and Wicklow mountains, built c. 1998 and boasts a very energy efficient B3 energy rating. The home has been lovingly cared for and upgraded with cleverly designed with family in mind, there is plenty of room for both entertaining and relaxing with a large living room to the front of the house which opens out to a dining room to the back of the house which in turn leads to the kitchen giving a lovely flow to the home. The back of the house makes the most of the views. The four bedrooms downstairs are all en-suite and there is also a family bathroom. Upstairs the attic has been opened up to provide further rooms for studying, working from home or just getting away from it all. Here there are three large attic rooms and a separate shower room. All rooms have large velux windows bringing in an abundance of light not to mention a beautiful vista. The rear patio with granite slabs and granite wall capping which is accessed from the dining room is elevated and in summertime provides the perfect extension of the house for entertaining and enjoying barbecues overlooking the beautiful scenery with Mullaghcleevaun and Sorrell Hill as your backdrop. There are three garages attached to the house which offer immense potential.

LOCATION:
Situated on an elevated site overlooking the Liffey Valley, fronting the R759 Road Sally Gap Road, c. 5.5 km from Manor Kilbride Village, in this most scenic setting with exceptional river and mountain views Co. Wicklow knows as the Garden of Ireland. This property makes an ideal base for exploring all the county has to offer, being only a short distance to Luggala and Lough Tay (20 mins), Blessington Lakes (10 min) and Glendalough (40 min). From the house, one can enjoy local forest walks passing by the iron mines of Cloghleagh and along the banks of the Shankill and Liffey Rivers. Seefin Hill is also a hill walkers delight. The bustling town of Blessington is within 10 km. For the sporting enthusiast there are many equestrian centres located close by not to mention golfing at the nearby Lisheen Springs Golf Club, Beechpark Golf Club, Tulfarris golf Club and the Slade Valley Golf Club. Water sports can be enjoyed on the Blessington Lakes. There is an active local GAA not to mention the community hall with communal playground. 
Local schools include, Manor Kilbride National School, Blessington Educate Together National School, Blessington No.1 National School, private bus serving The High School, Rathgar. CityWest Campus and Luas Park & Ride: c.14 km. Tallaght Hospital: c.15.6 km. M50: c. 16 km. Naas Road: c. 14 km. Dublin Airport c. 40 km. 

THE LANDS:
The property stands on c. 6 Ha / c. 14.8 acres. The drive and gardens are very spacious and well laid out with mature planting, trees and shrubbery and some wildflower. The drive way circles the house. 

ACCOMMODATION:

ENTRANCE PORCH:	2.17m  x 2.15m 	With tiled floor & vaulted ceiling & understairs storage.

ENTRANCE HALL:	5.04m x 1.66m 	With wooden flooring.

LIVING ROOM:	5.52m x 3.94m 	With praline fireplace & timber surrounding, Coving.

DINING ROOM:	4.86m x 3.92m 	With wood burning stove, tiled flooring, coving, built in dresser and sliding patio doors to patio area. Double doors to;-.

KITCHEN:	3.64m x 3.37m 	With fitted kitchen units, under counter & eye level, oven hob + extractor fan, large pantry unit. tiled floor & splashback.

UTILITY ROOM:	3.39m x 1.99m 	With fitted units, tiled floor & plumbed for W.C, Door to rear patio. W.C. off.

W.C:	2.50m x 0.89m 	With W.C. & W.H.B. Tiled floor.
HALLWAY:		With double hotpress.

BEDROOM 1:	3.69m x 2.64m 	With wooden flooring & fitted wardrobes. En-Suite off.

EN-SUITE:	2.71m x 0.87m 	With shower, plumbed for sink & W.C.

BEDROOM 2:	3.64m x 2.86m 	With wooden flooring & fitted wardrobes. En-Suite off.

EN-SUITE:	2.71m x 0.90m 	With shower, W.C. & W.H.B. Tiled floor & part tiled walls.

BEDROOM 3:	4.23m x 3.85m 	With fitted wardrobes & wooden flooring. En-Suite off.

EN-SUITE:	2.85m x 0.88m 	Fully tiled with shower, W.C. & W.H.B.

BEDROOM 4 (MASTER):	4.06m x 3.35m 	With fitted wardrobes, wooden floor & En-Suite off.

EN-SUITE:	3.30m x 0.96m 	Fully tiled with shower, W.C. & W.H.B.

BATHROOM:	3.28m x 2.44m	Fully tiled with large corner bath, W.C & W.H.B.

UPSTAIRS: Landing & Eaves storage.

ATTIC ROOM 1: 5.53m x 4.92m With Velux windows.

ATTIC ROOM 2: 3.57m x 3.08m With velux windows.

SHOWER ROOM: 3.19m x 1.97m With walk in shower, W.C & W.H.B Tiled floor & part tiled walls.

ATTIC ROOM 3: 4.92m x 4.17m. With Velux windows.

SERVICES:
Water: Well.
Sewage: Septic Tank.
ESB.
Oil Fired central heating. 


OUTSIDE:
Large gravel Drive.  Large lawn areas with a mix of wildflower and shrubbery.
Large rear patio area. Water feature. Potting shed.
Garage 1: 50.96 sq mts. 9.02m x 5.65m. With ESB. Attached to the side of the property. 
Garage 2 & 3: 45 sq mts.  6.85m x 6.59m. Located to the rear, with ESB and wood burning stove. 2 x up and over garage doors.
Features: Substantial Residence on c. 15 Acres 6.07 HA., Athdown, Blessington, Manor Kilbride, Co. Wicklow, W91YY56€695,0004 Bed4 Bath263 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.171859,-6.412155
------------------------------
Address: Fran GrincellFran Grincell PropertiesBleach Road, Dunmore, Co. Kilkenny, R95WY17€750,0005 Bed4 Bath285 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-bleach-road-dunmore-co-kilkenny/5778089
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:285 m²The Bleach Road Dunmore location deserves to be acknowledged for the quality location it is. Ten minutes' drive from Kilkenny City will land you at the front door of this architecture-designed executive home. Positioned on an elevated site this home overlooks the Nore Valley to its rear leaving the property with amazing panoramic views of the surrounding countryside. Access to this property is easy. You can take the scenic route out the Bleach Road or use the Castlecomer Road, taking a left turn at Henebry's Cross. Either route is pleasurable and only a short drive. The property is close to Kilkenny College and a number of primary schools, Kilkenny Golf Club, and The Newpark Hotel.The new Kilkenny Countryside Park is only a few minutes drive away, perfect for family walks. 

The extent of the property is deceiving at first glance with much of the plot to the rear enjoying wonderful views. It's a substantial property with its clever design adding hugely to its desirability. The roof design and the use of natural slate is a magnificent feature and aesthetically pleasing to view, but also internally the roof design shows how clever it is by filling the house with light and ceiling features.

The entrance hall is spectacular. A solid oak multiple-level cantilever staircase is a structure that deserves note. The staircase runs from side to side and will forever hold the wow factor. A full-height vaulted ceiling with roof lights, marble floor tiles, and handcrafted internal oak doors, architraves, and skirtings combined to make a magnificent statement and entrance hall to this home. 

There are two living room areas off the entrance hall one being the snug room that enjoys a level of finish that is exquisite and holds a lovely cosy charm to it with an antique fireplace, solid timber floors, ceiling cornicing,  all combining beautifully. 

To the left as you enter is the main family living room. The window feature makes the space here.It's a magnificent and charming space with another attractive fireplace. There are two sets of French doors off this room with the glass doors enticing you to the spectacular kitchen dining space. The curved dining space that links both the living room and kitchen areas is in itself a magnificent bright space with an amazing roof feature. This dining room enjoys direct access to the patio area and the gardens.

The kitchen itself enjoys a central island, granite worktops, feature lighting and an abundance of workspace and is very comfortable to relax in. Again, the quality of the units and the craftsmanship installing them is top class. Larder units and bespoke storage here, assist hugely in the use of the space. The utility room is located nearby. 

A smaller reception room is located off the entrance hall and offers multiple uses, possibly a breakfast room, office or playroom. There are two bedrooms and a bathroom to the right of the hallway. The bathroom is fitted with both a shower and Jacuzzi bath. It's tiled floor to ceiling and in excellent condition. The corner bedroom boasts a high spec ensuite shower room and dressing room, all complete to a beautiful standard. 

Walking the feature staircase is special. It's that genius balance between unusual and unique and there are so many features to the stairs with the amazing level of craftsmanship. All the finishings upstairs are solid oak. There are three great bedrooms on this floor, with the master bedroom surely an award-winning space having bespoke storage, a gorgeous ensuite, solid oak flooring, and the balcony area that's hugely enticing. It truly is a beautiful room. The other two further bedrooms are double in size and share a bathroom. The shape of the roof dictates so much character to these rooms and are wonderful to walk-through.

The outside space to this property is exceptional also. A detached double garage adds huge value to the property and with such a large site and space to the front access is really easy. The rear of the house shows the volume of space to the property and the quality of the roof structure. The mature landscaping and the privacy attached to the site is excellent. Viewing the house is the only way to appreciate what's on offer so call to view and leave aside an hour to see the property. 


ALL OUR CLIENTS ARE VETTED BEFORE VIEWING YOUR HOME. WE DO NOT FACILITATE OPEN VIEWINGS. 
These particulars are issued strictly on the understanding that they do not form part of any contract and are provided, without liability, as a general guide only to what is being offered subject to contract and availability. They are not to be constructed as containing any representation of fact upon which any interested party is entitled to rely. Any intending purchaser should satisfy themselves by inspection or otherwise as to the accuracy of these particulars. The vendor does not make, give or imply nor is Fran Grincell or its staff authorized to make, give or imply any representation or warranty whatsoever in respect of this property. No responsibility can be accepted for any expenses incurred by intending purchasers in inspecting properties that have been sold, let, or withdrawn. Fran Grincell Properties are advertising this property with the instruction the property certificates and title documents are correct.

 *THINKING OF SELLING EMAIL OR CALL FOR SALES ADVICE PACK*
Features: Virtual TourBleach Road, Dunmore, Co. Kilkenny, R95WY17€750,0005 Bed4 Bath285 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.704577,-7.273098
------------------------------
Address: Dan Howard MIPAV TRV PSR 006328Dan Howard & Co. Ltd11 West Avenue, Carrig Na Curra, Carrigaline, Co. Cork, P43W303€625,0005 Bed4 Bath158 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-11-west-avenue-carrig-na-curra-carrigaline-co-cork/5794758
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:158 m²****  TERMS AGREED  ****
SIMILIAR HOUSES WANTED

11 West Avenue,
Carrig na Curra,
Carrigaline,
Cork. P43W303

Dan Howard & Co. Ltd are delighted to bring this outstanding detached property to the market for sale.
We are thrilled with the instruction. 
Situated on the Cork side of Carrigaline, Carrig Na Curra is a very much sought after mature estate with a mix of detached, semi detached houses and large green areas. 
No. 11 has the benefit of a private, south facing rear garden with a large patio area. It has a spacious paved driveway and you can even drive around to the rear of the property and park the car in the large detached garage.
The property is nicely decorated throughout with lots of great features such as a sun room, 2 ensuites, walk-in wardrobe, office, modern kitchen, etc. If you need extra bedrooms, the walk-in wardrobe could be easily turned back in to a 5th bedroom.
A stunner of a property, please contact Dan Howard to arrange a viewing.


 
Accommodation:
Hallway:
Sitting Room: 5.4m x 3.4m
Living Room: 3.4m x 3.3m
Kitchen: 6m x 3.7m
Conservatory/Sunroom: 3.8m x 3.2m
Office: 2.7m x 2.4m
Utility room: 2.4m x 1.5m
WC: 1.2m x 0.8m

Stairs/Landing:

Master Bedroom: 4.4m x 4.4m
Ensuite: 2.4m x 0.8m
Bedroom 2: 3.3m x 3.1m
Ensuite: 2.5m x 0.8m
Bedroom 3: 3.4m x 2.4m
Bedroom 4: 2.7m 2.3.
Dressing room/Bedroom 5: 2.4m x 2.4m
Shower Room: 2.3m x 1.6

Outside:
Detached concrete built garage. 5.4m x 3.6m
Large Patio and garden to the rear - South Facing
Features: Video11 West Avenue, Carrig Na Curra, Carrigaline, Co. Cork, P43W303€625,0005 Bed4 Bath158 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.827137,-8.398629
------------------------------
Address: Thomas ReidDNG Reid & CoppingerSite A, Coolbunia, Cheekpoint, Co. Waterford€225,0000.85 acSiteViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-site-a-site-a-coolbunia-cheekpoint-co-waterford/5795054
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:0.85 acSITE A - ZONED RESIDENTIAL WITH PLANNING PERMISSION - 
A unique opportunity to purchase a site of c. 0.85 Acres with breathtaking views in a riverside setting, overlooking the River Suir. With full planning permission for a modern architect designed c. 3,500 sq.ft. residence, the site has uninterrupted views of the River Suir from Cheekpoint towards Passage East and Wexford. The site has access to mains water and wastewater services and adjoins the main public roadway from Faithlegg to Cheekpoint at the upper Western side of the site, with a secondary access also from the lower Eastern side of the site at Russianside, Cheekpoint.

LOCATION
Situated on the Eastern side of Cheekpoint overlooking the estuary just above the confluence of the River Suir and the River Barrow, the property is located c. 11 km from Waterford City Centre and c. 9 km from Waterford University Hospital, c. 5km from the Passage East Car Ferry and c. 16 km from Dunmore East. The property is situated within easy walking distance of Cheekpoint Village and harbour, which has the benefit of a new marina. Local amenities also include a shop and post office, playground, and Faithlegg National School, all within easy walking distance. The site is c. 2Km from Faithlegg House Hotel and Golf Club. There are some splendid local walks and treks close by at The Minaun, while the Hurthill walk takes you on a fantastic riverside trail from Faithlegg to Passage East.

ASKING PRICE € 225,000
Features: Site A, Coolbunia, Cheekpoint, Co. Waterford€225,0000.85 acSite
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.2690955,-6.9957459
------------------------------
Address: Jackie White MIPAVRaymond White Auctioneering17 Errew Drive, Lough Rinn, Cloone Grange, Co. Leitrim, N41VK31€299,0004 Bed4 Bath145 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/house-17-errew-drive-lough-rinn-mohill-co-leitrim/5716915
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:145 m²Raymond White Auctioneering Welcomes you to 17 Errew Drive, an exceptional home constructed to the highest specification, part of an exclusive collection of 33 detached properties in this highly sought-after location.

Situated in a serene setting on Lords Avenue, a private roadway off the main public driveway to the award-winning Lough Rynn Castle Hotel and Gardens, this home offers a unique blend of luxury and tranquillity.
Accommodation:

Ground Floor
Entrance Hall 4.25 x 3.83
Bright and spacious with a tiled floor, creating a welcoming atmosphere.

Open Plan Living/Dining Room 6.20 x 3.77
Boasts a fireplace and a patio door leading to a spacious garden, ideal for entertaining.

Kitchen 3.86 x 2.52
Equipped with fitted units and ample sockets, perfect for modern living.  Quality marble countertops

Utility Area 1.99 x 2.19
Plumbed for washer and dryer and includes a fitted storage unit.

Bathroom 1.59 x 1.87
Features a wash hand basin (w.h.b.), toilet (w.c.), and is tiled from floor to ceiling.

Ground floor bedroom
Includes an ensuite 1.92 x 1.87 with w.h.b., w.c., and shower, tiled floor to ceiling

A carpeted stairway leads to the first floor, where you will find:

Master Bedroom 3.76 x 4.33
Includes an ensuite (2.30 x 1.14) with w.h.b., w.c., and shower, tiled floor to ceiling, and a walk-in closet 2.00 x 1.14

Bedroom 2 3.81 x 3.93
Comes with built-in wardrobes.

Bedroom 3 3.93 x 3.02
Spacious and well-lit with built-in wardrobes.

Family Bathroom 2.16 x 2.63
Features a w.h.b., w.c., and jacuzzi bath.

Additional features include a separate hot press on the landing and attic access via Stira folding stairs. The property also boasts a Beam Hoover system throughout, enhancing the convenience and cleanliness of the home. The home is also equipped with an extensive entertainment system with smart controls and speaker points, and a hive smart heating system,  

Don't miss this opportunity to own a piece of luxury in the tranquil surroundings of Lough Rynn. 

Contact Raymond White Auctioneering today to arrange a viewing of 17 Errew Drive, and experience this exquisite property for yourself.
Features: Virtual Tour17 Errew Drive, Lough Rinn, Cloone Grange, Co. Leitrim, N41VK31€299,0004 Bed4 Bath145 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.904146,-7.840311
------------------------------
Address: Thomas ReidDNG Reid & CoppingerSite B, Coolbunia, Cheekpoint, Co. Waterford€135,0000.71 acSiteViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-site-b-site-b-coolbunia-cheekpoint-co-waterford/5789458
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:0.71 acSITE B - ZONED RESIDENTIAL - A unique opportunity to purchase c. 0.71 Acre site, zoned residential with mains services. The site has breathtaking views overlooking the River Suir from Cheekpoint towards Passage East and Wexford. The site is zoned residential, which removes the requirement for the applicant to satisfy the local area / housing need criteria for planning permission. The site has access to mains water and wastewater services and adjoins the public roadway at the lower Eastern side of the site at Russianside, Cheekpoint.

LOCATION
Situated on the Eastern side of Cheekpoint overlooking the estuary just above the confluence of the River Suir and the River Barrow, the property is located c. 11 km from Waterford City Centre and c. 9 km from Waterford University Hospital, c. 5km from the Passage East Car Ferry and c. 16 km from Dunmore East. The property is situated within easy walking distance of Cheekpoint Village and harbour, which has the benefit of a new marina. Local amenities also include a shop and post office, playground, and Faithlegg National School, all within easy walking distance. The site is c. 2Km from Faithlegg House Hotel and Golf Club. There are some splendid local walks and treks close by at The Minaun, while the Hurthill walk takes you on a fantastic riverside trail from Faithlegg to Passage East.

ASKING PRICE €135,000
Features: Site B, Coolbunia, Cheekpoint, Co. Waterford€135,0000.71 acSite
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=52.2690955,-6.9957459
------------------------------
Address: Matt O'SullivanMatt O'Sullivan Estate Agent Auctioneer & Valuer - ClifdenErrisbeg West, Roundstone, Co. Galway, H91HD7A€795,0003 Bed1 BathDetachedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-errisbeg-west-roundstone-co-galway/5731656
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyNew to the market is the enchanting "Gleann Cottage", a 3-bedroom traditional Irish cottage, with outstanding panoramic views of the world-renowned Dog's Bay beach, which has a spectacular horseshoe shape with more than a mile long stretch of white sandy beach. It is a truly stunning natural wonder. This charming abode boasts all the modern comforts you desire, while still maintaining its authentic charm and character.




Located less than 5 km from Roundstone village, Gleann Cottage sits on an elevated site. The cottage is tastefully decorated throughout with delightful hues of white and blue, a gentle nod to its maritime location. The cottage offers a large open plan living area with a vaulted ceiling and solid fuel burning stove. There are three comfortable bedrooms-one of which is upstairs and is accessed by a spiral staircase from the living room. Further accommodation comprises of a kitchen and primary bathroom, with bath and electric shower.  There is a decking area outside the cottage, the perfect place to soak in the amazing scenery.




This idyllic property is ideally located along the Wild Atlantic Way and is a 30-minute drive from Connemara Golf Links. Clifden town with it's wonderful array of hotels, shops, bars and restaurants and the renowned Arts Festival, is only a 20 minute drive away.

SITE OVERVIEW: https://360tours.proper-t-photos.ie/tours/0ui3JxHFU


Contact our office to arrange a viewing.


Disclaimer on All Listings
These particulars are intended to give a fair description of the property only and are in no way guaranteed, nor do they form part of any contract. They are issued on the express condition that all negotiations are conducted through Matt O'Sullivan Ltd. All properties are offered subject to contract and to being unsold.
Features: Errisbeg West, Roundstone, Co. Galway, H91HD7A€795,0003 Bed1 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.387051,-9.975065
------------------------------
Address: Maeve McCarthyCharles McCarthy  Estate AgentsThe Old Mill Stores, Millside, Connonagh, Leap, Co. Cork, P81RV10€495,0004 Bed2 Bath216 m²DetachedSpacious GardenADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-the-old-mill-stores-millside-connonagh-leap-co-cork/5767088
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:216 m²FEATURES:
- Prime commercial position
- Mixed use building with both commercial & residential accommodation
- Total property size circa 216 sqm/2,325 sq ft
- Retail space circa 44 sqm/470 sq ft
- 4 bed 2 bath residential accommodation over three floors circa 172 sqm/1,855 sq ft
- Plot size 0.4 of an acre with attractive private lush garden to the rear, bounded by the Roury river.

Constructed in the 1920s, this notable mixed-use building of circa 2,325 sq ft, set over three floors, is nestled between the vibrant West Cork market towns of Clonakilty and Skibbereen. Enjoying a prime commercial position on the N71, the principal road artery linking Cork to West Cork.

A character-filled edifice offers more than meets the eye, cleverly balancing commercial and residential space. On the ground floor, you'll find a well-conceptualized commercial unit, separate residential entrance hall and a large light-filled sitting room, while the upper level and lower ground floor are devoted to an unexpectedly spacious family residence.

The residence, featuring 4 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, offers a homely ambiance that contrasts with the buzz of the adjacent street.  A second, cozy living space invites relaxation off the well-equipped kitchen/diner at garden level.  Dramatic bi-fold doors open from the kitchen/dining space onto a terraced garden that spills down to the tranquil Roury river at the rear. A recently added decked area and bespoke storage shed make it an inviting gathering space, a peaceful sanctuary away from the bustling curbside location of the shop above.

The approximately half of an acre garden can be accessed via a side passageway constructed on the footprint of a millrace for the adjacent original stone Mill. There is also a laneway, behind the original old mill, providing vehicular access onto the N71 from the back garden.  The stone-built old mill is included in the sale of the property. The garden is grandly over-looked by the mature native trees of Dromillihy Woods.

Inside, you'll find an intriguing fusion of the old and new, with original period features tastefully married with touches of Scandinavian and Dutch design. The property proudly retains much of its historic fabric, such as 12ft high ceilings at ground level, a slate roof, stone sills, and a charming shopfront, leading to its recognition in The National Inventory of Architectural Heritage as an "excellent addition to the streetscape with a lively façade, varied render details and fine tripartite windows."

The commercial unit is as practical as it is charming. Spanning approximately 500 sq ft, and complemented with front parking, it has evolved into a beloved pit-stop for many along this route. Currently, it serves as home to The Old Mill Stores – a multiple award-winning beacon of homeware, design and craft, celebrated as the Best Shop in Ireland by The Irish Times and Independent Retailer of the Year by Image Interiors. 

The first floor bedrooms, radiant with light and air, are further embellished by high ceilings and original sash windows, adding a touch of vintage allure. The lower ground floor recently underwent an inspired refurbishment, augmenting the living space with an ensuite bedroom, additional living areas, and a stunning kitchen/dining room. This elevates the property from not just a hub of commerce but to an inviting sanctuary that one can call home.

With its ideal location, rich character, enchanting backdrop and thoughtful design, this property stands as a timeless treasure that seamlessly fuses work and life, the past and the present.

Accommodation:

Ground Floor

Commercial Unit: 
Double fronted retail unit with own entrance and small lobby. The retail area comprises two adjoining rooms, circa 500 sq ft combined.  

The second room in the shop contains a triple paned window to the front and double French doors opening onto a Juliet balcony over-looking the rear garden. 

Front hall door and hallway.

Sitting Room: 5.6m x 3.3m. 
Timber floor, solid fuel stove, built-in shelving units, windows front and rear.

First Floor

Landing:  Timber floor, built-in storage incorporating washer/dryer.  

Bedroom 1: 5.3m x 3.1m. Timber floor, built-in storage.

Bedroom 2: 4.4m x 3.2m. Timber floor.

Bedroom 3/Home Office: 5.7m x 3.5m. Windows front & rear.

Bathroom: 5.1m x 2.5m. 
Fully tiled, wc, wash hand basin, free standing claw foot bath & separate shower cubicle. 

Lower Ground Floor

Bedroom 4: 4.0m x 3.3m. View to garden.

Ensuite: Fully tiled, wc, wash hand basin & shower.

Living Room: 4.2m x 3.5m. Cosy room, direct access to garden.

Kitchen/Dining: 5.4m x 4.8m. 
Tiled floor, built-in wall and floor units with splashback, central island, integrated appliances, bi-fold doors access to deck & garden. Larder storage.

Services:
Oil fired central heating
Mains water
Septic tank

BER Details:
BER: D2
BER No: 117555144
EPI: 290.30 kWh/m2/yr

Title:
Freehold
Features: The Old Mill Stores, Millside, Connonagh, Leap, Co. Cork, P81RV10€495,0004 Bed2 Bath216 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=51.594544,-9.097318
------------------------------
Address: Paula CostelloO'Farrell Cleere Auctioneers7 Ashwood Hall, Back Road, Malahide, Co. Dublin, K36WP76€1,890,0005 Bed4 Bath260 m²DetachedEnergy EfficientADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-7-ashwood-hall-back-road-malahide-co-dublin/5787890
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:260 m²Number 7 Ashwood Hall is a simply spectacular five-bedroom fully furnished detached Showhouse. Located off the prestigious Back Road in Malahide, opposite the Malahide Castle Demesne, the property is just a short walk from Malahide Village.  Decorated by renowned Irish interior designer, Shauna Kelly, no expense has been spared with the highest standard of specification and décor throughout. Oozing style and class, the generously proportioned accommodation spanning c. 260 sq.m. comprises of entrance hallway with guest w.c., living room, formal dining room, open plan kitchen / dining / family room opening to a landscaped west facing rear garden and a fully equipped utility room. Upstairs there are five double bedrooms, master with ensuite shower room and walk in wardrobe, guest room with second ensuite and a family bathroom.

All conceivable amenities and facilities are catered for in the stunning village of Malahide including an array of restaurants, bars, shops, schools and the local Dart Station. Malahide Castle with its 250 acres of parkland is directly opposite the development which is home to an international cricket ground, par 3 golf course, tennis courts and football pitches. Dublin International Airport is reachable in less than 15 minutes by car and M1 / M50 motorways are just 10 minutes away.
Viewing is essential.

Accommodation Details:

Entrance Hall:
With under stair storage, wood effect tile floor and ceiling coving.

Guest w.c.:	
With w.c., w.h.b. with floating vanity unit, LED mirror, wood effect tile floor and ceiling coving.

Living Room:	
With feature stone fireplace, bay window, French doors to kitchen, feature floor tiles and ceiling coving.

Kitchen/Dining/ Family Room:	

Kitchen: 
Fully fitted kitchen, large island with breakfast bar and stone waterfall edge countertop, stone backsplash, fitted bar / pantry unit with tarnished mirror backsplash, feature floor tiles and Quooker tap.
Neff appliances including induction hob, fridge, freezer, oven, microwave oven, dishwasher, extraction fan and wine fridge.

Dining / Family area: 
With large multi pane sliding door to garden, , TV unit, feature floor tiles and ceiling coving.

Utility Room:	
Raised Bosch washing machine and dryer, fitted storage, feature floor tiles, w.h.b., stone countertop and door to boot area and side passage. 

Dining Room:	
Feature wall panelling, bay windows and feature floor tiles. 

Landing:	
With access to hot press, Stira to attic and radiator covers.

Master Bedroom:	
With bay window and radiator cover.

Walk in Closet:	
With fitted dressing table, fitted hanging rails, shelving and drawer space.

Ensuite:	
With large walk-in shower, rainforest shower head, w.c., w.h.b. with floating vanity unit, tiled floor, part tiled wall and heated towel rail.

Bedroom 2:	
With fitted wardrobes.

Bedroom 3:	
With fitted wardrobes.

Bedroom 4:	
With fitted wardrobes.

Ensuite:	
Walk in shower with rainforest head, shower recess, w.c., w.h.b. with floating vanity unit and heated towel rail.

Office / Bedroom 5:	
With feature wall panelling, fitted shelving, cupboards and radiator cover.

Main Bathroom: 	
With freestanding bathtub, separate shower unit with rainforest head, w.c., w.h.b. with floating vanity unit, heated towel rail, tile floor and part tiled walls.
Features: Video7 Ashwood Hall, Back Road, Malahide, Co. Dublin, K36WP76€1,890,0005 Bed4 Bath260 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.43925,-6.161354
------------------------------
Address: Andrew DuncanDNG Duncan AuctioneersBallindurrow, Multyfarnham, Co. Westmeath, N91N2X5€349,9504 Bed2 Bath0.54 acBungalowADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/bungalow-ballindurrow-multyfarnham-co-westmeath/5695186
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:0.54 acDNG Duncan are delighted to bring this wonderful 4 bed bungalow to the market.This fabulous house is located a short drive from the very quaint and popular village of Multyfarnham. Offering some of the very best of country living but within easy reach of the N4 Mullingar Sligo road.The picturesque village of Multyfarnham really has lots to offer from fine dining, classic pubs, the wonderful lough Derrevaragh and the rolling rural landscape this is truly a special part of Co. Westmeath. The entrance hallway gives way to a sitting room to the left with a stanley stove and a lovely stone surround, through to the living/dining room with a village solid fuel stove which heats the entire house. The kitchen area gives acces through a side door to the rear of the property, through to the guest toliet and then to the bedroom one.The main hallway leads to the 3 other bedrooms, the main being ensuite and the main bathroom.
This property offers plenty of natural sunlight in each room.

The property is nestled on a large site of c.0.55 acres with fabulous gardens and countryside views.

Multyfarnham has many amenities to offer, Including local pubs, restaurants, a shop. There is also a park, a community centra and the local GAA teams along with a primary and post-primary school. This lovely village has everything you need.

** Appliances NOT included in the sale **

Special Fetures:

Spectacular Location
Beautiful Views
Raised Echo percolation area
Primary School
Secondary
Sports Centre
Local Park
Village stove - Solid Fuel central Heating
Water Well
Outdoor Space
Large shed and pens
10 Minute Drive to Mullingar town
2 Minute drive to Multyfarnham Village
10 Minute Drive to Derravarragh Lake



Hallway 3.8m x 1.5m & 4.5m x 9m. Laminate flooring and leads into the livingroom, dining room and bedrooms.

Kitchen 3m x 3m. A bright room with views to the rear garden. Tiled flooring

Guest Toilet    Tiled floor to ceiling, WC, WHB and Triton Shower.

Dining Room 5.4m x 3.3m. Bright room with views to the rear garden, laminate flooring with a village solid fuel stove which is the central heating system and a lovely feature stone surround.

Sitting Room 4.3m x 4m. Laminate Flooring

Bathroom 1.8m x 1.4m. Tiled Floor to ceiling with WC,WHB & Shower.

Bedroom 1 2.5m x 2.7m. Single Room, Laminate flooring.

Bedroom 2 3.3m x 4.1m. Bright Room with laminate flooring.

Bedroom 3 8m x 2.3m. Bright room with laminate flooring. Ensuite plumed and wired just needs tobe fitted.

Bedroom 4 2.8m x 2.7m. Laminate flooring
Features: Ballindurrow, Multyfarnham, Co. Westmeath, N91N2X5€349,9504 Bed2 Bath0.54 acBungalow
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.616185,-7.389572
------------------------------
Address: Fair Deal Property - TuamFair Deal Property Ltd -Galway1 ONLINE OFFER10 The Oaks, Frenchpark, Co. Roscommon, F45DT26€195,0003 Bed3 Bath128 m²End of TerraceViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/end-of-terrace-house-10-the-oaks-frenchpark-co-roscommon/5786769
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:128 m²Fair Deal Property, Ireland's Fastest Growing Estate Agency

Are delighted to present to you for sale Number 10 The Oaks, a spacious and fully upgraded 3 bedroom residence located in the heart of Frenchpark Village.

Number 10 occupies a prime location fronting on to a  large green area which provides a wonderful sense of space,  light and privacy to the front of the property.

On  arrival you a greeted with a large driveway with ample parking for several vehicles.

A freshly painted façade sets to the tone for the quality of accommodation that lies within.

The entrance hallway is bright and spacious and features a two tone stairwell with white balustrade and natural wood handrail along with freshly laid carpet.

The living room is stylish, spacious and flooded in natural light from the front facing bay window which overlooks the green to the front of the property.

New contemporary wooden floors have been laid and the entire interior has also been freshly painted.
 
The kitchen diner is equally impressive in scale and has been fitted with brand new handmade modern kitchen.

A set of glazed sliding doors overlook the fully enclosed garden to the rear of the property.  

A spacious utility featuring additional storage units along with an ideal sized guest WC completes the downstairs accommodation.

Upstairs you are greeted with a large landing area with freshly laid carpet that flows into all the bedrooms which are exceptionally spacious and beautifully presented and come complete with built-in wardrobes.

The master bedroom also benefits from an ensuite. 

An ideal sized family bathroom completes the upstairs accommodation.

A new condensing boiler has also been fitted which has greatly increased the efficiency of the heating system.

If you are looking for a great value turnkey residence that affords all of the benefits that village living can provide and is delightfully presented and handsomely upgraded then we suggest that you look no further than Number 10 The Oaks in Frenchpark as it is certain to meet all of your wish list requirements.

If this sounds like you then we will be delighted to hear from you and to help you in any way that we can.

Brought to you by Fair Deal Property.
Ireland's Fastest Growing Estate Agency
Features: 10 The Oaks, Frenchpark, Co. Roscommon, F45DT26€195,0003 Bed3 Bath128 m²End of Terrace
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.872645,-8.40422
------------------------------
Address: Kenneth CampbellCampbells AuctioneersKincasslagh, Letterkenny, Kincasslagh, Co. Donegal, F94K5N4€549,9504 Bed3 Bath185 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-null-kincasslagh-co-donegal/5784020
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:185 m²This stunning 4 bed property boasts a prime coastal location with sea views over Kincasslagh Strand. The interior is well appointed and has been maintained to a high standard, offering a spacious and comfortable living space. There are a number of split level features as well as the cosy living room with feature stone fireplace and the dining area offering sea views while you eat. Externally the property offers a pillared entrance together with tarred driveway, concrete and paved path surrounds together with manicured garden area. 

It is located within minutes walk to Kincasslagh Village and also Kincasslagh Harbour where you can launch your boat / kayaks or do a spot of fishing. There are numerous safe and sandy beaches nearby for a dip while Cruit Bridge is always popular with those seeking the thrill of jumping into the water. Cruit Island Golf Club is also nearby as is Donegal Airport (5 mins drive).

The property is priced at €549,950 and is a must-see for those seeking a beautiful seaside retreat.

Our Ref: K835
Features: VideoKincasslagh, Letterkenny, Kincasslagh, Co. Donegal, F94K5N4€549,9504 Bed3 Bath185 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=55.026912,-8.396426
------------------------------
Address: Nigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersNigel Dineen/Martin Finn AuctioneersLismeehy, Strokestown, Curraghroe, Co. Roscommon, F42RY79€390,0004 Bed3 Bath223 m²DetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-lismeehy-strokestown-co-roscommon/5784415
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatyOverall Floor Area:223 m²New to the Market 

Luxury 4 bedroom detached two story residence with integral garage comes to the market in showhouse condition throughout.

The property is situated on c.0.75 of mature gardens, hedging and shrubbery surrounding the property.

Double entrance gates with one electric gate, tarmac drive, concrete drive to side and rear of the property. 

Located mins drive from the main N5 Strokestown to Dublin, 4 mins drive to Strokestown, 18 mins drive to Roscommon town, Longford 20 mins, Dublin Airport 1hr 45 mins and Knock Airport 50 mins 

Accommodation comprises 

Entrance hall 16.05 x 6.04 timber flooring, stairs to landing, centre coving as feature. 

Sitting room 13.11 x 11.08 solid fuel stove which heats water and rads, timber flooring, fitted curtains and blinds and centre piece light as feature.

Living room 13.07 x 11.08 timber flooring, open fireplace with timber surround and granite hearth, centre piece coving as feature, fitted blinds. 

Sun room 11.09 X 11.05 timber flooring, timber ceiling, recessed lighting, fitted blinds, double patio doors to garden, double french doors to sitting room.

Dining room 11.08 x 11.01 timber flooring,  fitted curtains and blinds, double french doors to kitchen, centre coving light. 

Kitchen 18.08 x 11.01 fitted kitchen, tiled floor and tiled backslash, fitted blind, centre island and centre piece light as feature. 

Utility 11.01 x 11.01 fitted units, tiled floor, door to garage and pvc door to rear of property. 

Toilet 5.05 x 4.08 wc,whb, tiled floor and half tiled walls. 

Intragal garage 
15.06 x 13.01 double front entrance doors, door to utility room, fitted storage units and concrete floor. 

Upstairs Landing 
19.11 x 6.05 timber flooring, door to attic.

Master bedroom 
11.07 x 10.03 timber flooring, fitted wardrobe, curtains and blinds.

Ensuite: 10.01 x 2.09 fully tiled, wc, whb, pumped shower fully tiled, recessed lighting. 

Bedroom 2: 11.08 x 9.03 timber flooring, fitted wardrobe and blinds.

Bedroom 3: 11.10 x 11.01 timber flooring, fitted curtains and blinds.
Walkin wardrobe 6.01 x 2.05 
Hotpress fitted.

Bedroom 4: 11.01 x 11.0 timber flooring, fitted curtains.

Main bathroom 7.06 x 7.01 white suite with jacuzzi corner bath, pumped shower fully tiled, fully tiled floor and walls, mounted mirror over sink. 

General:
Double entrance gates with block stone front boundary wall, mature gardens to front, sides and rear with mature hedging, shrubbery surrounding the property.
Fiber broadband connected, 
mains water with softner, filter tap, septic tank, Duel fired central heating system installed, zoned heating on ground floor and upstairs, hot water zoned on ground floor and upstairs.

Detached garage 18.01 x 14.01 with electric roller door, loft space and esb.
Storage shed: 15 x 15 esb connected

Viewing comes highly recommended by the sole agent and by appointment only 

Contact Nigel Dineen Auctioneers Roscommon

Everything we touch turns to SOLD
Features: VideoLismeehy, Strokestown, Curraghroe, Co. Roscommon, F42RY79€390,0004 Bed3 Bath223 m²Detached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.747759,-8.090434
------------------------------
Address: Gary Corroon M.I.P.A.V.Sherry FitzGerald Davitt & Davitt1 Sunnylynn, Ballinderry, Mullingar, Co. Westmeath€795,0004 Bed4 BathDetachedViewing AdvisedADVANTAGE
Link: https://www.daft.ie/for-sale/detached-house-sunnylynn-ballinderry-mullingar-co-westmeath/5784145
Description: DescriptionSale Type:For Sale by Private TreatySherry FitzGerald Davitt & Davitt are delighted to introduce Sunny Lynn, newly and uniquely constructed home from Bell Homes. This energy efficient four/five bed detached family home will be finished to the highest of standards and present a unique opportunity. Situated overlooking the town of Mullingar in the Ballinderry area.

Mullingar is located close to all major lakes of the midlands, historical sites and forest walks or if you want to go further afield, Dublin and Galway are in easy reach thanks to the N4 and M6 being close by.

Spacious and comfortable rooms, designed to allow a lot of natural light to fill the house, while ensuring a comfortable environment for any family.

Families can enjoy being within a stone's throw from local amenities both social and essential such as:
- The New Holy Family School, Secondary schools and creche/Montessori's
- Local well known public houses.
- Impressive array of restaurants including cuisine from around the world.
- Shopping centres and super markets as well as bakeries and coffee shops.
- Sports clubs from GAA, water sports, equestrian, golf and athletics.
- Nature walks along The Greenway, Belvedere house and gardens or along the lakeside on Lough Owel and Ennell.

EDUCATION & AMENITIES
Mullingar offers plentiful educational choices with schools for all ages, including Educate Together and Gaelscoileanna along with numerous other Montessori, Primary and Secondary schools throughout the town. Mullingar also boasts a number of local clubs.

EDUCATION
- Holy Family Primary School
- Mullingar Educate Together National School
- St. Finian's College Mullingar
- Coláiste Mhuire Mullingar
- Presentation Junior and Senior School
- Gaelscoil an Mhuilin
- Gaelscoil an Choilin

LOCAL CLUBS
- Mullingar Shamrocks GAA Club
- St Loman's GAA Club
- Mullingar Golf Club
- Mullingar Swimming Pool
- Club Active Gym
- Mullingar Tennis & Badminton Club
- Mullingar Cricket Club
- Mullingar Equestrian Centre
- Mullingar Sailing Club
- Mullingar Rugby Club

NEARBY NATURE WALKS
- Belvedere House & Gardens
- The Greenway
- Loughs Owel, Ennell & Derravarragh

External Features
- Own private entry from street with ample parking
- Stone driveway with granite kerbs and porcelain entrance way to front door
- Coloured render and hand made bricks for a maintenance free finish
- Composite Timber triple lock front door
- Large Aluclad triple glazing windows and doors
- Black aluminium fascia, gutters and downpipes
- Porcelain patio area at lower ground floor sitting room
- Heavy timber and steel boundary walls with post and rail to front
- Fully landscaped front and rear gardens
- Large composite decked outdoor terrace with frameless glass on top floor

Internal Features
- Modern split level Home with elevated views
- Aluclad windows with timber internal
- Extra high 3.2m ceilings on lower ground floor
- High quality paint finish throughout on fully plastered walls
- Oak shaker internal doors with bespoke black ironmongery 
- Solid Ashe custom staircase and LED handrails by Kelly Joinery
- Brushed aluminium switches and sockets
- Sanitary ware and vanity units by Sonas Bathrooms
- Micro Shaker painted kitchen by Nolan Kitchens dressed in a Quartz worktop
- Full Island with Quartz worktop and custom oak fluted face
- Neff appliances and LED lighting
- Fully fitted utility and shelved plant room with attic storage via stira
- All floor coverings and tiling to extremely high standard
- Walk-In wardrobe to master bedroom by Cherrymore

Special Features
- ICF concrete construction delivering an A2 BER
- Webbed eco joist top floor and roof
- Airtight construction with Mechanical ventilation system
- Aluclad triple glazing
- Heating via Samsung air to water heat pump
- Underfloor heating on ground floors and radiators on top floor
- Electronic zoned thermostats
- Security system installed and operational
- All TV and cat 6 wired back to plant room for customising 
- Wired for EV charger install

Sunnylynn is located within walking distance of the town centre of Mullingar, a town that has a regular train and bus service and motorists can reach Dublin in an hour or Galway in 90 minutes

St Francis Private Hospital 450m 
Mullingar Town Centre 1.5km 
Mullingar Train Station 1.6km 
N52 2.7km
N4 3.3km 
M6 13.6km 
Dublin Airport 57 minutes 
Dublin City 59 minutes 
Galway 1 hour 30 minutes


Regular Train Service to Dublin, Longford & Sligo

Bus Routes Include
Local Link (WR20 & WR16A)
Bus Éireann 115
Expressway 22 & 23
Features: 1 Sunnylynn, Ballinderry, Mullingar, Co. Westmeath€795,0004 Bed4 BathDetached
Map Link: https://www.google.com/maps/@?api=1&map_action=pano&viewpoint=53.5141265256878,-7.340225276194673
------------------------------
